Can be dressed up or down. the top part is tight  while the bottom has a beautiful skirt. i'm slightly busty and about 5'6" and the size 6 is perfect for me.
This runs a little big and falls off the shoulders a bit. i didn't like it as much as i had hoped.
I like the style  but i ordered an extra small (i am5'4' 120#) and it was still too loose fitting on me  had to return  hopefully exchange for xxs
I'm glad this was on sale because i would not have purchased it at full price due to the strange fit in the sleeve. the shirt has a slight raglan sleeve  but the sleeves do not fit loosely  they kind of twist under the armpit area. i do not have large arms  so i am ok with straightening out the knit sleeves  but they do not fit right. i also was surprised at the unfinished edge along the neckline. it is messy and tacky looking  but i think that is how it was meant to be. my recommendation to buy
These pants are adorable. i am a petite lady with a small waist and have a hard time finding pants that fit and look good  but these do. they are both cute and elegant. and they have pockets. i have had many compliments. the one drawback is they need dry cleaning.
Pilcro jeans used to be my favorite. in the past 6 months or so  i have bought 3 new pairs  and all have been so disappointing. first of all  the quality is horrible now. in the past  they would last for years and hold up great. my last pair of stet jeans started to visibly wear out within a month. also  pilcro jeans now stink in the most disgusting toxic way. they smell horrible despite washing. what happened  pilcro?!?!?
I love these jeans- they really added something special to my wardrobe!    size:   i purchased my normal size in the store and was worried they wouldn't stretch out. the sales clerk helping me order the larger size alerted me that these will stretch a full size as i wear them but i wanted to be sure so i ordered the larger size just in case.     i received the larger size and when i tried them on i could feel them stretching out right away and feeling too loose. i kept my normal size and wore th
I bought this dress to wear for our upcoming family pictures. i don&#39;t think the image does the dress justice - the fit is so flattering and slimming. i feel like it can easily be dressed down too  with a cute jacket in either denim or leather. the material is thinner  and it does wrinkle a bit. the price tag is a tad high also for a thin maxi dress  but i just had to have it. :)
Sooo disappointed with how flimsy this fabric is. i think this is the thinnest of all clothing items i have ever come across anywhere in my life. this is really a shame because the colors are stunning and it is a nice shirt style. another con is if you have any bit of back fat it shows every lump and bump . i do not recommend unless you have a lean back and the cost was $5.00!!!
These pants fit tts and are ask pictured in length on me (5'5"). i can go between a 4 and a 6  and tried the 6 and they were fine. that said  the fabric completed turned me off. it is that sort of stretch fabric with a sheen to it. i did not find them to be the wonderful wardrobe basic i thought they'd be- the fabric is just too stiff  and the sheen made them feel cheap  unfortunately.
This top runs a little bit larger and if you have bat wings you might want to stay true to size. i haven't washed or dry cleaned yet although most retailer shirts i have come to find new to be dry cleaned. otherwise fit is great so is the overall aesthetic.
I tried this on even though i usually am not interested in cowlneck tops. the fabric is heavier  so it is not good for hot weather. the fabric is a weave of lighter and darker colors - you can see if you zoom in  so it has an interesting texture. very flattering because it is fitted and not boxy.
I think this dress is beautiful. i ordered it for my brother's wedding  but the nude slip underneath made the dress look a bit too revealing. i may keep it for a holiday party though because it really is gorgeous and super flattering. it dies run large. typically i'm a 10 and the 8 fit perfectly.
The tie neck is super on trend. this will go great under a jacket or cardi. it's a keeper.
This ran a bit small; i'm normally a 2  this was a 4 and 'just' fit. the pattern was very 'digi ' the length was shorter than i hoped (i'm 5'1")  and the fabric  while structured  was just cheap and acrylic-feeling. pass.
This is my 4th byron lars dress and i just love this designer. his dresses all fit the same as far as i can tell. i had bought this dress as my sister in law recommended it so much and she was right it is stunning!
This is a beautiful skirt  but runs very small. i usually wear a size 8 and could not get the side zipper closed....at all.
I found this top at the beginning of the summer and waited until it was on sale to snag it but honestly wish i had gotten it sooner and paid full price. it's perfect with navy shorts or white jeans and can dress up or dress down. it's a little bit short on the bottom but definitely still flattering. i would recommend it to anybody looking for something to throw on for an easy outfit. definitely worth the sale price!
This is a beautiful jacket. the fabric is soft and drapes wonderful. truly a great addition to any staple in your wardrobe. i am having the sleeves shortened as i prefer a more 3/4 length.
The xs was too large on me and i'm not a tiny person. while the dress was beautiful on the model  in person it had way too much fabric and fit rather tent-like. the fabric is gorgeous and the dress would have worked if it were more of a fitted style and had half the amount of fabric on the bottom. not flattering at all.
I want to like and keep. at this price point i cant justify keeping. if it does go to clearance i will reorder. due to the thin material it seems more summery and casual than what i was anticipating. true to size. i ordered a medium and am 5'9 and 155 pounds.
At the altar of bailey 44!  all hail the 'gathered stripes dress' because it can do nothing wrong  especially to my body.  i got the mp and this piece totally enhances what little i've got.  so happy!
The moment i saw this  i knew i had to try it on. it's a definite power dress - made me feel like marvel's agent carter! i could take over the world in this dress. planning to wear it to work  more casually  and as my holiday party dress. it's easy to dress up or down and is incredibly comfortable.
The weight and feel of this jacket is what i was hoping for. it is medium weight making it my go to on cool days and is also very flattering to wear...it actually gives you shape! i like the front texturing on the scroll work and the pockets are well placed. if anything could be different  i would have preferred a little more room in the sleeves as they run slightly snug so not made to wear with anything with bulk  but overall not an issue.
Prior reviewer nailed it with the summary of this dress. it definitely needs heels. i'm 5'4"  120#  34d and this is a size 36. i usually wear a size s or 4 with most retailer stuff.
I love the material of this shirt and i love the design; however  there is just too much fabric. it felt very boxy and gave me no shape at all. for someone who is petite this just wasn't flattering. i love the design idea though!
I am 5'8" and 130 lbs and bought a size s. it fits  but is not as roomy as it appears in the model and the sleeves are not as long. the collar fits strangely on me. the deal breaker was that the sweater is not soft  but is itchy and kind of coarse. i am returning this one.
I was so sad to have to return these pilcro jeans. my calves are just too athletic for these jeans. they weren't comfortable. they were a little loose in the waist. so  sizing up  would not have fit the tight in the calves problem. i have two pairs of stetson crop flares and they fit perfectly. in fact i love the pilcro stetson crop flare style. wish retailer would sell more of this style.
I looked like i was going to work on a farm. well made  but seemed fit big. i like and have owned wide leg pants/capris  these were cartoonishly wide.  needless to say  they were returned.
Love this henely  the lace-up is cute. the shirt is comfy. so versatile. beach coverup or over jeans
I ordered this dress online in order to get a petite size and am very disappointed. as other reviewers have mentioned  the fabric overlay is very different in person than it appears in the online pictures. the dress is much more casual and looks cheaply made in person.   as for sizing  i ordered the 2p based on other reviewers' comments about it running small. the 2p fit me fine  although it was very fitted in the chest and i am very small chested #32b#. i can definitely see that being an issue
I am giving this dress 3 stars bc it's pretty and i bought it  but i'm going to need to get it altered big time. i got the 00 and it's too big on top  but this is the type of dress that should be fitted on top. i am a small person  but this fit more like a 4 or 6. print is beautiful though. wayyy prettier than the pic. i suggest getting 2 sizes down. i could see it being extremely gorgeous if it fits correctly!
Just got these mara hoffman classic bikini bottoms in flight azure print.today and love them: high quality  fully lined and reversible. the pattern placement is perfectly symmetrical and the colors are just like the online photos.  .  i think the size chart on the mara hoffman site is correct for where the bottoms sit on my body  above the widest part. i have a a-shape with smaller waist and hips  full behind and thighs (currently 33-25-37ish  38" at the widest which is at my thighs). in these t
Following the advice of other reviews  i ordered a size larger than normal  since the reviews said runs small in the bust. the dress ended up being much too big everywhere  including the bust.  the dress was beautiful and great quality! sad i ended up with the wrong size.
This is such a great top for spring and summer. i've worn it with shorts  capris  and jeans  as well as layered it under a denim jacket. it brings an element of whimsy to any outfit. it's comfortable and really well made.
I can't say enough about this top! absolutely adorable  the pics don't do it justice. it is made of a soft  medium weight jersey material. the lace makes the top more dressey and unique. the drop waiste elongatesy our torso and is loose pleated at the bottom for interest. i am 5'6''  135 pounds  and long waisted. this fits me perfect (sz small.) the pleated bottom on me begins at low hips (below belly button) so it layes nice and is very flattering. no swing to the top no bulky extra flare at al
I love these pants but be care when you do laundry. the dye transferred to another pair of pilcro chinos that was a little lighter color. very frustrating. label mentioned it but i only noticed after it happened because the colors are both not that dark at all.
The color is great  a nice alternative to all my black tights. good quality.
Purchased this dress in black and love it. there is so much detail in the crochet  and can be dressed up or down. i am contemplating buying the same dress in white!
I am not a big fan of lace but this shirt has just enough. it actually looks better than the photo and it looks even better when you wear it. i have received numerous compliments on this shirt everytime i've worn it.
First  i must say that this dress fits beautifully in my usual xs (5' 4"  119 lbs) and the geometric pattern is adorable. i often have a fit problem with dresses (i think due to a long waist) where the fabric bunches up by my lower back. not so with this dress. it shows off my curves without being super tight and the fabric has a little stretch so the dress isn't binding. for my age  however (mid-40s)  this dress is just a little too short for the office so i'm sending it back. also  i felt that
I love this dress! i bought the blue one and i love the designs. i recently had a baby so my body is still recovering so finding clothes is a bit difficult  but this dress looks awesome and it makes me feel like how i was before i was pregnant! it flows nicely and is super comfortable.
I wanted to love this dress so much but it just looked frumpy no matter what i did. i'm normally a 14  and i bought a size 12 and it still looks very baggy and not flattering. i'm sad because in photos it's my favorite dress of all time!
These sleep pants are very pretty  soft and comfortable. unfortunately  after washing them once i noticed some small holes in the fabric which is very disappointing considering the price. i don't mind paying a little more for clothing if i feel like the quality is there but in this case i'm not so sure. i guess if you don't really sleep in them or wash them then they would probably be ok but then what's the point of buying them?
I didn't know what to put for "runs small  true to size  or runs large " but it required me to put something...i first ordered the xl  and it was ridiculously gianormous. the next time  i ordered a large. i thought the large would either be a perfect fit or still too large  based on how the xl had fit. the large was too tight! i could not believe it! it is too bad  for i love the design and color of this top! i ordered it in the muted red color. if you can find a size that works for you  go for
I do agree with others that the draping does sit a little funny  but its nothing that a simple tack can't fix. this suit looks incredible on  and does a good job of hiding my "mom pooch" while still making me feel sexy with the cutouts. also covers the chest area well.
The top was very nice and i liked the material. my problem was getting it on with the cami being attached to the top. it took me a while to figure it out. and for that reason alone i returned it.
It's not a bad concept but i wished for more. i wish this tunic was a: different material as it was wrinkley and drop-waist design instead of at the waist. too bad. i wanted to love it but it will go back.
This dress is everything everyone said it was in the reviews. so cute and beautifully made. fully lined. i felt it ran a bit small as i had to return it for the next size up  more so in the bust area. but the fit and length was perfect in the size 6. 5"10  125lbs. i will say that all the raving reviews made me purchase the dress without hesitation and i'm sure glad i did!
Pretty color  but i was hoping for a thicker  higher quality material for the price. the material is lightweight and isn't tailored well. looks kind of sloppy.
This dress is just very unattractive. it is quite short-waisted  almost empire and so the pockets hit in an odd place. also it is very long - midi length - and the skirt is very wide. the effect is matronly  not cute at all. size-wise it fit true to size and it is a nice medium weight denim and the construction is good.
Loved loved loved the shirt but...the material was so thin
Easy to wear.  the fabric is super soft and the shape is very flattering.   i really like the shirt hem at the bottom.
I can usually be counted on to love a pretty top with lace detail and a bit of flow. this one has those qualities but it does not look great on me. perhaps it is too flowy because i am 5?3. or possibly the fabric is too soft a look on me. i did size down as reviewers suggested. maybe one size was not enough :-). i must return it.
I purchased the moss color in this cardigan. i really love the texture of the material. it is very very soft. my issue with this is the arms. like other reviewers have said they are extremely small! i went up to a large rather than my usual medium and they were still tight. i really wanted this to work but i will probably return due to the arms.
Great looking shirt that i bought for my wife  but poor quality. the fit is great but the buttons literally keep falling off. first time my wife wore it two buttons just fell off. when she was sewing them back on she showed me and another button just came off with the slightest tug. its really too bad because it looks great otherwise.
I purchased this sweater in a small . nothing on the web site states it has dolman sleeves! it looked sloppy and made my bust disappear! it went back i hate dolman sleeves.
A perfect basic tee!  loved how soft it is. not worth full price  but definitely one to add to your cart once on sale.
Ah! i wanted to love this but without anything under it (as pictured)  the petite sizing reveals way too much side boob. i am 5'3" and a small b cup. i ordered an xs petite. it fits but there isn't enough material under the armpits. the fabric and design is great other than this flaw. sadly returning.
This is such a cute top with so much potential  soft fabric  vibrant colors and flattering fit on top. however like so many of retailer swing tops lately it has tons of fabric at the bottom making it billow in a very unflattering way. i ordered it in an xxsp so i can't even go down in size so this top  regrettably  has to go back.  i love swing tops but retailer  could we please have tops that do not double for maternity tops??
I agree with the other two reviews that this shirt runs large  or something? ! i ordered an xs  my usual size  xs-s. the body of the shirt is very loose  the upper arms are a bit snug  and i don't have large arms. the shoulder seams are in a very strange place  but when you look at the model  it doesn't look so bad. with the shirt i received  and another reviewer  the seam was puffy  making for a strange look. in theory  the shirt should have worked  but didn't. i loved the pattern  not the fit.
This pullover blouse is a real winner. it is soft and figure flattering  but not too clingy. the neck looks good open or closed with the small button. all in all  it's just a very good design.   note that the notched thumb holes are completely optional. the holes disappear  without being visible  into the sleeve when they are not being used. also  the sleeve pulls down when the thumb holes are used  so there is no extra length in the sleeves (as may be suggested in the photo).
Perfect lace tank. i am six feet tall and this top hits me about where it does on the model. i ordered xl and feel it is a generous tts . it is very figure flattering and not too tight across the bust. it has a thin lining so no camisole is needed. so beautiful!
Pretty disappointed in this sweater. should have sized down because it's quite wide. i also didn't like the stair step. the back clung to my rear. not attractive. the colors seemed to be striking online but in reality are not. returning mine.
I bought this top in lilac size s since other reviewers said it has a lot of fabric. the color and the quality were great -- loved that it had the lining underneath. if your bust is bigger than an a cup  beware. the top basically flared out from the farthest point on my bust and the fabric below just hung there. it was a pregnancy look. perhaps that's why the model has her arms crossed in front -- to give the illusion that it tapers in below the ribs  but it does not. unfortunately  this one is
This top is adorable in style and fit. which is why it breaks my heart that i can't recommend it. the embroidery snags so easily  when i wore it  i ended up with several tears in the threads  leaving the pattern a bit of a mess. it snagged on my rings  my watch and my purse. i returned it because of this. it's really too bad  and i wish the design were printed on instead of sewn  simply because it would last a lot longer.
Beautiful lightweight and well tailored   more dressy than what it appears in photo
This top is really beautiful  but looks absolutely horrible on my 5'9" apple shaped body. in the words of my husband  i looked like a star trek villain.
I love the style and color of this jumpsuit. i ordered a petite  and with tall shoes  it's still about 3" too long. the side seam needs to be taken out at the bottom to hem it  so that's a pain in the rear.   also  this has a side zipper  but you step through the neckline to put it on. if any part of me was even a tiny bit larger  this would never work.   the biggest issue is that it armholes/bust gaps a lot. there should have been a dart from the armhole down towards the bust. i'm hoping to be
I have had my little eye on this dress since it came out! lucky me i found it sitting pretty in my local retailer lost   found! it runs a tad big  when i first tried it on with the sleeves off-the-shoulder i was disappointed in the length (past my knees); but i tried it on again with the sleeves sitting on my shoulders ... so so darling
I love this tee  i own it and wear it nearly every other day in black and purple solids and ordered 2 of the prints. wish that the purple/gray floral print would restock since it sold out before i could purchase it. only possible negative is that i am careful not to tumble dry it due to other reviews of its vulnerability to tears or holes. so i hang it up to dry after machine washing. i read that it runs a bit large so i ordered and am thrilled with my medium.
I ordered two pairs of the red cords  one my typical size  one a size smaller in case i found that the pants stretched out. they run true to size and have a nice fit with a high(er) rise waist. the color is beautiful. i did not find that the pants stretched out but they do seem to bunch somewhat which may come from the thickness of the material.
Really wanted to love...but...the way it fit..lower part a tad too flowy...almost maternity like to hide a belly and the top area feels like my chest is being smushed! despite my bra size being a modest 36b...the look it gave was square on top almost block like with bottom that had flare...such a pretty top unfortunately the overall design just didn't work me.
This is a crop top but super boxy and wide. i expected it to be more fitted in the waist. since it sits out away a from the body a lot  it was not flattering. i also felt the stitching to be a bit matronly for me. too bad as i am having such a hard time finding tops and i'm willing to pay full price for something that works.
1. this looks so cute on the model  doesn't it? i have no idea where you wear a suit with hot pants  but it looks cute.  2. that said  keep in mind the model is probably 6 feet 10 inches tall. i'm 5 feet 6 inches tall  and this jacket came down to my knees. i'm not kidding. the 3/4 length sleeves were at my wrist  so more like 7/8 sleeves.  3. i'm normally a size 12 in cartonnier jackets  but this only comes s  m or l. the medium is really a size 10  which was too tight across the shoulders and
I grabbed this dress to try on in my usual size  because i needed to see what the hype was about this style of dress  and it left me puzzled.  the print was pretty  but no amount of tailoring could save it for me.  it was wearing me.  maybe it could wear three of me.  i feel like this is a way for clothing manufacturers to cut corners  by making a garment without details (no installing more time consuming zippers  buttons or snaps  and making something that fits a wide range of sizes because it
I wanted to love this top. the color is wonderful in the pink and the material is silky soft. it is huge though  i am a 34 dd and bought my usual small! i am going to exchange for an xs and am hoping it fits.
Super cute and flow. mine had a bit of stitching problem so i am exchanging it for the same thing. fabric feels great. def recommend
I highly recommend this dress! it is super flattering and i got so many compliments. it fits like a glove and honestly made me look 10 lbs thinner. very romantic and has great movement. the length is perfect  since the top is quite modest  it's nice that it's on the shorter side - makes it a little flirty! i wasn't sure of the pattern at first  but it fit so perfectly that i overlooked it and bought it anyway. by the end of the night i was in love with the pattern. it really stood out and i can'
I tried on an 8 and a 10 and both worked perfecto. the 10 had just a tiny bit more room to tuck in a shirt with.
I usually wear a size 8/10 and i needed a large in this skirt. it flows so beautifully!
I'm 5'3  i ordered the petite (nice to have this option)  the length/volume doesn't overwhelm me as some kimonos do. this feels more like a fall-season kimono due to the fabric content. it is not a wispy fabric  there's weight and some stiffness to the drape  you can see on the model how the fabric stands away from her body. it's a different look from silky feeling kimonos that hug the body. a rich blend of blue  black  white  subtle tan  maybe some silver grey - hard to tell  the colors look li
The dress i received is adorable  however  the color is much more subdued than shown in the catalog.
I was hoping that this would be a nice neutral layering staple but it simply leaves a lot to be desired. it fits tts  length is fine...the inside is some  but the outside darker material is stiff and cheap (kinda canvas feeling?). the material is super stiff which makes it flare out like like a tent in a super unflattering way. it also is on the thinnish side - it looks in the model shot like it would be a little thicker and warm. this is definitely going back.
Lovely palette and and fabric but the cut did not flatter my shape. the flowy cut broadened my silhouette and hit at my waist making me look bigger than i actually am. the overall effect was quite frumpy in spite of the flamboyant pattern. perhaps a better choice for someone built exactly like the model.  i will be returning it.
I saw this in the store and decided to try it on. it is so pretty. the fit is perfect. i didn't think that i would like it due to the sequins on the front. when i put it on  i didn't mind them at all. it really is a beautiful dress with beautiful colors. dry clean only is the only drawback to this one.
This dress is gorgeous. it swings beautifully  it's soft  it's incredibly flattering! i would say it runs big. i ordered an xxs petite  normally i would wear xs petite  and it fits great. for reference  i'm 5'1" and a 32dd. finally a loose fitting dress that doesn't make me look pregnant!
It was so cute in the pictures and i was looking for something to wear to my trip to europe so i purchased it but it really didn't live up to my expectations. i'm 5'3  115 and got a s. it looked odd on me...a little too short on the bottom  a bit too big on top and overall i thought the material looked cheap for the price. i returned it.
I tried on these jeans in the store because they were so soft  but had to order my size. when they arrived  the wash on the jeans was worn enough that they looked a little dirty. i prefer to have a dressier jean in a dark wash so i am returning them. my normal pilcro pant size is 27 and these were a little large in the waist. not sure if they would shrink with washing.
I was not in the market for a black blazer but saw this in store and had to try it on. the quality of the fabric and overall aesthetic is fantastic! love love love the gold buttons. this will look great for work  with jeans  or even as a cover up over a cute dress. i am a generally a size medium (sometimes small) and tend to fall between a 6 and 8  i went with the 8 in this jacket!
I love maeve but this shirt's quality was poor and it was not worth the price. i would not recommend buying this online. you really need to try the blouse on in the store to make the decision as to if its worth purchasing or not...... and in my case this is being sent back.
The cut is small. i am 5'9"  150 lbs and usually wear 6-8/medium pants. medium in these is too fitted on my hips and rear.the polyester will be hot in summer. returning for another brand.
I tried it on and it fit like a glove. i'm only 5'2" and i can wear with heals or flats. great built in bra. i'm a c cup and i've got a bubble butt. very flattering on my figure. quality worth every penny. many compliments. work appropriate or a luncheon! my fav retailer purchase by far.
Got this in the sky color. returned it because the top is way too sheer for me  if you know what i mean. i wanted a pretty gown i can wear without a robe in front of my kids. no can do. also  for the price  material just felt flimsy & cheap. it does run small ~ the medium was good on me and i'm 5'2"  114#  34b
Bought this dress for a friend's wedding. i have since worn it to two others and the opera numerous times. it's my favorite little black dress as it's sexy and modest at the same time. i receive numerous compliments every time i wear it! it's easy to get into  the zipper is sturdy and the fabric is breathable  stretchy but not clingy.
My first review and first full price designer denim purchase....  i recently lost weight and in need to replace all my pants and in search of a dark wash high rise jeans (preferably in black)  finally decided to buy this at full price online coz of all the fab reviews. i decided to purchase the 25p  thinking that i may return after receiving it in the mail since i wasn't able to try at the store and not sure if i got the right size  also it's not the high rise denim that i was looking for. but t
I was a huge fan of these lovely swing dresses from last year and bought all 3 colors. when i saw this new one  i was thrilled and ordered it immediately. what a disappointment! why did isabella sinclair mess with a good thing? the fabric is a very loose weave sort of "homespun" look  which wouldn't be a deal breaker  but i could see it would be very vulnerable to snags. last year's styles had a removable light knit full slip that allowed the airy fabrics to move. this version is fully lined. yo
Very comfy and flattering. cool on a hot day. slightly difficult to use the restroom  though.
I really wanted to love this dress  but i think the proportions are very weird. i'm 5'7" and usually go for an eight in unstructured dresses and a 10 in more structured dresses. it runs small throughout  and is too short for me to feel comfortable wearing to work. the front is nicely detailed  but the back looks weirdly forgotten and could use more detailing. i tried on three different sizes (8 10 and 12) and they all pulled weirdly at the chest. there's a little slip that goes with the dress  w
I really wanted to like this dress. the color is perfect  the design and cut are cut (not always the case at retailer). however  the fabric quality was terrible - a shiny acrylic with cheap nylon lace. it looked like something from a discount store and had to go back.
The sweater could be really pretty  but it is huge. i ordered the xs/s and it was swimming on me. it's too bad  because the stitching was beautiful  but this item is going back.
Don't buy this dress unless you are normally a medium or larger. order it one or two sizes smaller than your normal size. i ordered an xs and it's more like a medium or large.
Like the other reviewers  i agree that this sweater is waaaay shorter than it looks on the model. i think she's wearing a large size and it's probably cinched in the back. still cute  though! i'm 5'9" 145 and a medium fits well -- looks cute with high-waisted jeans (which i wear anyway).
An absolutely gorgeous  but poorly fitting blouse. the bottom part is way too billowy and inconsistent with the fitted top half. got it on sale and still returned it.
I usually wear a size small in deletta. i am 5'5" and 140 pounds. the small ran true to size for me. saying that i am a size 8 so usually everywhere else i can take small or medium  so i can see how reviewers say it runs big. love the ruffles on this tank. makes it a little more special. super comfy and easy to wear. will be great for hot summer days in florida!
I wanted this tank to work so badly! it was a great deal and so beautiful. unfortunately the top fitted portion ends right below my chest then the shirt flares out so i looked like a cupcake. my belly also showed slightly because the shirt is short. if you have a short torso  this would work great. if not  unfortunately  its not great - tear
There's something special about this tank that makes it uber-flattering. the fabric is perfect  the colors (green and fuchsia) are spot-on gorgeous and brightening  and the cut (length  wide straps  and scooped neckline) make this the perfect staple. it flattered my figure  skin color  and really hid my flaws. i wish i could get away with wearing this every day...
I'm very picky about jumpers  and this one is abolutely perfect! i love how it looks like a dress at first glance. it runs a little big because of the oversized fit it is supposed to have  i sized down because of the armpit area. nude garments and you'll be fine. this is going to sell out fast  don't wait for it to go on sale! (seriously my store is already out of xs's)
This was a nice dress  but it wasn't quite was i was looking for. the cut made me look too "hippy". maybe for someone that has no hips at all?
The rose color is lighter than the photo of the model in front of the pink building  but on the other photos it does look lighter so i wasn't surprised.  my dress fits very nicely. i love the drop waist  the loose fit at the hips  and the flare of the ruffles.  the back is just like the model too. i thought it may be boxy but it comes in at the waist and goes a-line. perfect. i ordered the xl because it wanted it to be loose like on the model.  i was afraid because of my large dd chest it would
I have several of goodhyouman shirts and i get so many compliments on them. especially the one that says forehead kisses are underrated. don't hesitate. buy this shirt. you won't be sorry.....
When i saw this online i immediately put it on my "must buy" list. i hate paying the exorbitant shipping fees retailer charges so i was waiting until i could get to my local store  in the meantime it looks like it has sold out online but i am sure it will be back in stock soon. luckily  my b&m store had it and i am so glad i didn't waste my money or time ordering it online. this could have been great but once again antho missed the mark. what the product shot online doesn't show is that it has dol
I loved the dog on this sweater  and i rushed into the store to buy it. once i tried it on  like others  i did find it to be itchy  but that i could deal with using a tank or something. what bothered me the most was the way the arms were cut. my arms looked much bigger than they are  so sadly i left it at the store. it really is a cute sweater though...
Hadn't really looked at this dress till i saw it in person in the store. so i tried it on. i'm only 5'1 and 140 lb. busty on top so i tried the 8. it was a smidge snug  decided since the dress has no give to go with a 10. would have liked this in a petite for the shorter length  but it's back ordered till august and i really wanted to take it with me on vacation. its just above my ankles in regular length  which will work and i can up the score with some wedges. this dress fits like a dream and
I almost ordered this online to wear to a party later this week  but i'm glad i waited to try it on at the store (i wasn't sure if i'd like the length of the petite or regular better.) i was so disappointed and didn't end up getting either! i have two bailey 44 dresses from several years ago that are much more flattering and incredibly soft/comfortable. this fabric on this dress was much rougher and it really bothered me that the stripes cut off at the side seams and then don't match up from the
I was taking my time with this purchase i needed a top for a pair of ombrã© silk pants that i had tailored to fit. but everytime i put these pants on i couldn't find any top to come close to match..especially since the pants are for a more sophisticated look. well this top fits that perfectly and i'm excited to pair them for a nice dinner out. plus i was equally excited when i could pair the top with my jeans and sandals.
I can not imagine the cut in the waist being flattering on anyone. i ordered an xs and an xxs still would have flared too much in the waste. i ignored the previous review and that was a huge mistake!
Looks lovely in the picture but looks poorly made in person  runs very small. i returned it.
A nice comfy sweatshirt. i do wish it was just a tad longer; tends to run a little short and therefore looks a little boxy and i'm only 5'3! (i purchased the regular size not the petite)also the front wool insert is a little scratchy as it is not lined on the inside.
I bought this jacket in white specifically for summer. it is the perfect weight for the office air conditioning coolness. i wore this jacket with a sleeveless silk blouse and summer skirt. it just looked perfect for a dressier summer outfit. i take a m/l in retailer jackets and went with the large in this because i have a large bust (36d). the medium fit but was just a tad snug through my upper back/front area. the large gave me a little wiggle room so i could wear a little heavier blouse undernea
I love this dress. i get so many compliments from strangers every time i where it. must buy.
Lovely sweater  good quality fabric  pretty color.   as the reviewer say  it is very thick wool pile  if warm is not what you're looking for  you may want to think twice.
I think it's a little on the long side and the sleeves are a little tight but otherwise i really like this jacket. it's lightweight for summer and yet more stylish than the other long sleeve things i grab in case i get cold.
Couldn't resist this jacket! it's perfect for business casual dress code  for staying warm in air-conditioned offices and goes with many colors and styles.    many times jackets are too tight on my shoulders or not long enough for my arms and this fits perfectly. (i'm 5' 7" and i bought a medium)
I love the way these pants feel on. they are so comfortable and breezy. i love that i can feel cool in the summer without showing a lot of skin. i purchased both colors; both are very nice looking. that said  i'm not sure if i will keep them. they wrinkle something terrible. i'm pretty casual person and it even bothers me. it probably wouldn't be so bad if there weren't pleats in the front. after sitting for just a few minutes the pants look like a disaster in front. my husband said it's not ext
I totally agree with the last reviewer. i'm 5'2" 115 pounds with somewhat wide shoulders. the x-small fit my torso but was so tight in my shoulders i couldn't move my arms. the small was better but was too big in the torso. the material itself was really nice. too bad the fit was so awkward and unflattering.
I loved the romantic look of this robe and gown set  but the material was very thin and wrinkled and needs to be ironed. the m/l was uncomfortable and i normally wear only a m. sadly  i returned the set.
I'm usually a fan of maeve  but this dress is just bad. the fabric is thin and filmy  and it stretches to sheer over your chest. the turtleneck is neither tight nor loose  it just droops in a most unfortunate way.
I had read a few reviews on this shirt before ordering that said it ran small and was shorter than it looks. i thought it was worth finding out because i really liked how this shirt looks in the pictures on the store site. unfortunately  when i got it in the mail and opened it up i found out that all the earlier review were right.    it is much shorter than the dimensions implied in the pictures of the model. i was expecting a tunic style shirt that could be worn over leggings or skinny jeans th
I am going on a trip to south africa in may and needed pants that were cute  durable  yet comfortable and not frumpy. these are definitely the ones i was looking for. the fit is great - not too tight and not too baggy. i got them in three colors and all of them match what is on the site. i definitely recommend these chinos as you will be able to wear them to lots of different places - dressed up or down.
Despite the delicacy of the fabric and femininity of the patterns  the cut of this blouse is rather androgynous and not in a flattering or modern way. ick. so disappointed.
I loved these pants. they fit perfectly. and then i washed them. like the other reviewers the pants came out with spots all over them. the color seems to have faded in splotchy patterns. so sad.  wondering if retailer will provide store credit or something to make it right?
The material is soft and the pattern is pretty  but it fits like a sack. it's too bad that this wasn't more form-fitting  with some stretch and a zipper  because its fit is just not beautiful. for tall  very slender ladies  this will be pretty  as it is in the photo. it fit me just fine (with a little extra room on top)  but it went right back into the bag without a thought.
This is the perfect duster! transitions you perfectly from summer to fall without being an overly heavy piece. simple and classic! i know i will get a lot of wear out of this item!
I have been looking for a cold shoulder dress for a while  but haven't been able to find anything i really liked. i ordered this and picked it up at the local store. it is very comfortable and seemed a little big at first  so i washed and dried it and it seemed to shrink just a little to fit well. i love the open shoulders. i wore it with gray tights and gray boots for valentine's day and it was perfect for the cold winter weather. i think it is a bit overpriced  but i still love it! it's a nice
I ordered these twice just to be sure there wasn't a glitch. the color is so off! the picture shows a dark blue denim  but they are not they are a light blue - with whiskering! retailer you need to have a better image of the color because this is so misleading.
Nice quality and feel to the fabric but they are super lightweight and do not come down to the ankle. they fall at a strange place on the calf - a better cropped summer pant  perhaps.
I wanted to love this top to go with a pair of red flats i also bought at retailer. but it's almost like a peplum crop top because the cut is short. the peplum piece also flares out rather dramatically. had to return it even though i love other tops from maeve.
This robe is such a pretty design. very flowy- runs slightly large in my opinion but was so cute i decided to keep it!
Love this dress. sexy but still appropriate. very elegant. i'm 5'6  125 pounds  and the size 2 fit me great. it is a little long so i am considering ordering the size 2 petite. definitely worth the money.
There's something majorly wrong with the way the armholes are cut. i can't move my arms in this dress. otherwise the fit was fine. the a line cut of the dress is great if ur trying to hide a few pounds. other than that the does nothing for your figure. i found this dress to be true to size in an xsp im 107lbs and 5'1". don't buy it. i know it's tempting with the sale price.
I am 5'3" and 115 lbs. i ordered 2 on a whim and i'm so happy i did because they're so flattering.
I noticed this top as i was going into the fitting room  and tried it on on impulse. i was pleasantly surprised with the fit and soft quality of the fabric  and even more impressed with the price. i usually like my tops very fitted  and found this one hung loose  but not boxy. i have been wearing it quite a bit  sometimes with a camisole underneath  and sometimes not. i bought the one with the flowers  and it is not see-through  and the light fabric is good for our warm heat. i bought my usual s
Extremely pretty swimsuit  gorgeous cut in the front with the lace and the floral print  very flattering to hourglass shapes. coverage across rear end is a bit less than i would prefer  but it's so very pretty that i'm keeping it. several comments from friends that this could be worn as a tank top for regular wear it is so pretty.
I really wanted to love this shirt. the snowflake and stripe design is really cute  and the fabric is of nice quality. it's a very loose fit  which i would've been willing to work with  but... as mentioned in previous reviews  the shoulder seam rests in an odd place on your upper arm  and there are little bumps in the fabric on the arms that appear similar to what happens if you leave a shirt on a wire hanger too long. it looks like you have nubby little wings coming out of your arms. not attrac
This product is amazing. i love that it's comfortable and stylish at the same time. i love the unique color pattern and the length of this product. i also love that i can wear to any occasion and can dress it up or dress it down. it's very versatile and i love it.
I tried this top on thinking it would be cute for the summer. it looked more like a maternity top with the fullness in the bottom. so if you're expecting  this one would be great.
I found my experience odering the moon lake maxi skirt very easy. i received the skirt in a timely manner and am very happy with my purchase.
Loved the look of this top. sadly it runs quite small and was very tight where other non-swing tops in a large do not. the item ran out of stock far too quickly. i normally wear a large but feared that the large would be small and wanted to order up but it was already put of stock. the quality and style are great especially for a larger chest. length is great for taller women.
This is a great top so beautiful with bright colors and sheen. my only complaint was i am dd and it was tight so i had to size up!  otherwise my brests would spill up and out!.
Purchased it in raspberry. first time it came in the mail  it was stained and the hem looked like it had been dragged through the mud! come on customer service  you need to be more diligent about checking out items before you ship them! i ordered it again  and this time it was a new jumpsuit in plastic  so pristine.   i am a size 8-10  and the small fit me fine. the lining is a little tight in the crotch area  but i can put up with it for the style of this jumpsuit!!
I've never had a problem with pilcro jeans. i own several pairs. however  i ordered my regular size 28 (i'm 5'3  120 pounds) and not only were these jeans thin  they had zero stretch and after 1 hour of wear stretched out horribly. they fit really loose and hung around my knees and legs which is very disappointing for a skinny jean.
Love this preppy sweater for fall. only detail i wasn't crazy about was the deep slits in the sides  it gapes a little oddly then around the pocket but not enough of a distraction for me to send it back.
Completely oversized top  size medium was swimming on me.....boxy  baggy  shapeless -- what more can i say? even in an xs this would not have fit in any way like the photo  returned.
This dress is so beautiful in person. it is not overly flowy  well made and extremely feminine. i really have not a bad word to say about it. and on sale  it's a steal. i plan to wear mine with tall boots as shown and with my cowboy boots.
Very disappointed: runs small in chest and too long. the fabric is cheap but the print is pretty with the bead and flower detail. i don't think  this dress is worth the price  it is not even silk and the underlay feels like cheap gauze. i have been in the fashion industry for over 30 years and this is a miss mark in my opinion. put it back on the rack  and save your $ for something better at sweet retailer!
I would have l loved to keep it but even the 0p was big. i have pretty broad muscular shoulders and back and i was swimming it. i wish retailer would stock more petites. i would repurchase if the 00p was available.  they always sell out very very quickly and they never restock.
I really loved the way this shirt looked on me. it's forgiving and flattering  and really lightweight. the fabric  however  couldn't even withstand half a day's wear without snagging 3 times and developing a hole right in the center. i have no idea how this happened  as i wasn't wearing or near anything that could have pulled at it.     such a shame. this could have been a staple wardrobe piece for me.
I recently bought this is a medium black and it is a perfect fit.  it's a beautiful top and the peplum portion is perfect and long enough for someone with a lon torso.  for reference  i'm 6ft 175lbs and usually wear a 10/12 or medium/large top.  i went with the medium based on other reviews. i  i was lucky to find this on sale.
Love this shirt. it's easy to throw on and makes a cute outfit with about any kind of bottoms. i've wore it with leggings and jeans.
I purchased the orange version (definitely orange - not red) before heading out on vacation and it was perfect for hot summer weather. the swingy shape keeps you cool and the print is much better in person. the fabric is very soft and hangs well. look forward to wearing to work also with a cardigan. i own a few akemi + akin tops and always get a s. this one seemed a bit large even in s but i liked the length so kept the s.
I had been eyeing this top for a while so i was so happy to see it go on sale! i was so excited that i went to my local retailer to try to purchase it right away. unfortunately this top did not fit me right. on the model it looks adorable  on me it was frumpy & ugly. the petite is sold out so i tried a regular medium (i'm usually in-between a medium & a large) & it fit me big & just didn't do anything to my figure. i agree with the other reviewers that the bow was too thin & flimsy & needed to be
Very cute top and nice material  but the fit is strange. there's a reason that the model has her arms at her side. the shoulders fit perfectly in my usual small  but the body is very loose. the sleeves are full  probably twice as full as seen in the pictures which adds interest but was unexpected. also  the arm hole is wide  so the bottom seam of the sleeve attaches low on the body of the shirt  which creates an awkward silhouette. i normally love designs by whit  but i'm not sure about this one
Beautiful suit. i had been eyeing this one for weeks and finally decided to just buy the darn thing.   it is tiny  just beware. as in it doesn't cover much  especially on the booty. not a bad thing  but buyer beware :) if you are looking for more coverage  size up. i wear a 32d and ordered a medium top. good thing i didn't get a small. i have to get the band taken in a bit  but i need the coverage in the cup.   for the bottoms i also got a medium and usually wear a small or medium in swimwear bo
I ordered this online  and when i opened the package  i was impressed with the quality of the material and stitching for this top. it is much nicer than a basic t-shirt.    when i tried this on  the band of stitching that was supposed to go beneath my chest was sitting on top of my cleavage! also  the overall length is listed as 27" long  but i think that is the back of the shirt. the front of the shirt is very short on me (i'm 5'10")  hitting well above my hip bones.    if only this was much  m
Love this sweater. ordered white  size large. great light layer! the weave in the yarn is really pretty; the variations in texture have an almost burnout look. the silver buttons are unusual  really stand out and complement the overall look of the sweater. it has an uneven hem that drapes beautifully at the back and sides. great value on sale! one of those basics that everyone needs in their wardrobe.
I saw this in the store and immediately loved it even before trying on. the style is classic and the fit is perfect. the material is soft and comfortable. it hugs without clinging. i tried on the black in s and the green in xs and went with the green. different shoes and accessories will dress this up or down. i plan to travel with it several times this summer. it will be a great option to wear on the plane and arrive looking chic.
I love this brand! they produced a number of incredibly cute blouses in 2006-2010 and i've missed their quirky designs. this shirt does not run small. i am usually a 6 and have a little extra room in the chest area  even though i'm a 34dd. the arms are the perfect length as well which is nice as i have long arms. the only reason i did not give it five stars is that i wish it was a bit more fitted through the stomach area. its very billowy. i may take it to the tailor... so cute though! on a side
This is the first time that i have tried mother jeans  and i am a fan. these jeans fit tts  and the high waist is flattering and stays put. i personally am a big fan of the distressing - it's just enough  but not too much - and it's lined on the inside so it won't get worse. i know some people won't like that  but i did. also  they hit right below my ankle (i'm 5'5") instead of being a few inches too long -- a major bonus. thus  they look great rolled or not. but perhaps most importantly  these
Super cute  soft  and fuzzy...just like the woodland animals in the pattern. these loungers do run just slightly tight in the seat  so if you have a more developed bottom you should definitely get a size up.
This swimsuit is so beautiful and fits wonderfully and is very flattering. comfortable fit as well. love it!
I ordered the blue in size 16. it ran at least two  if not three  sizes too small compared to my other retailer 14 & 16 blouses. it was too small through the body  other than the peplum. the arms were tight too. the waistline and length matched the online photos. it's widening. the material they chose was also scratchy and rough  especially around the neckline. i returned mine after trying it on and seeing there was no way to make this work. the blue color was gorgeous though. the patterned lace w
When i saw the dress i loved everything about it except the arms made me a little nervous. i ordered it when it went on sale and it turns it the arms are worse then i thought they would be. they are like my grandmother crochet it and accidentally attached my child's dress arms on my dress.
I love the color of this dress. it is not flattering  even though it should be. the weird panels of different materials makes it hang super funky. the lace is heavy but the silky panels aren't. so not flattering  it's just odd. and the fit is super huge  you are swimming in it in addition to a poor body drape. it could have been so cute  but was executed so poorly.
The colors of this top are perfect for spring  i love the embroidery and like the sleeves with the ties at the bottom. what i didn't like and primary reason i may be returning  is the elastic bottom. it cuts off at an awkward spot on my waist and makes my top section look short and wide. i am very disappointed about this  as the rest of the blouse is gorgeous.
I really like the look of the jacket and that it is stretching. sizing a bit odd. the xs is pretty snug in the arms  body is fitted. but the small seems 2 sizes larger. the body is very baggy. i kept the xs  but can't wear sleeves underneath!
I wanted to love this sweatshirt  but alas  it is going back. upon opening and unfolding  the first thing i noticed: the dots and not solid. they are sort of distressed looking  with parts of them missing. secondly  it doesn't have a lot of structure. it's soft and kind of floppy but in a weird way. it's just not flattering on me. it looks more like a pajama top than something i would wear out of the house. for reference  i ordered the 3  and i'm usually a 10/12 in tops.
Soft  pretty design and perfect length. i'm 5'6" and the m fit perfectly!'
I didn't want to get the black carissima because i already own the mona  so when i saw this gorgeous marguerite for sale  i had to bite. the main colors are chocolate brown  copper and rose pink--such a beautiful combination. the hook
The lines on the dress are lovely. the material is a nice thick jersey  which can be body-hugging  but mostly on top. it falls beautifully and looks good with heels and flats and boots. i am xs or s depending on the dress  and i got the xs in this one.
I ordered this dress before it became available in my local retailer store. i love the style of this dress but the fabric was not as expected. it is a heavy/fuzzy knit and i had envisioned something lighter and cleaner. i would love to see it in a different fabric! sadly returned it....
This dress did not work for me. it was shapeless and boxy. i tried to belt it but the white front looked odd. if you are tall and thin maybe but not for the short girls.
This top runs extremely large and has a very unflattering cut for those without a straight figure. i have 36ddd boobs and a muscular  curvy frame. this top adds about 20lbs.
I loved them on when i got them  but they literally frayed apart on my body as i wore them  and i had them on no more than 5 times. it was not a fit issue or a seam issue; they literally just frayed apart in two areas.  while flattering and incredibly comfortable  the fabric was not at all durable...they are not your typical  denim   they almost kind of a knit feel them.
I usually wear an xs and in this i wore a small because on the bottom of the sleeve  it was tight. it's a great piece and i get a lot of compliments.
I tried this on in the store and was disappointed because it looked so fresh and vibrant on the hanger. but it's basically cut for model-sized people only. it's short and wide  and if you have any boobs at all it'll make the back pucker. i can't imagine this will look good on most women.
These pants are cute. they seem  to me  to have a wider leg than appears on the model. they do run big  so i would recommend sizing down if in doubt. these are cute pants that can be dressed up or down  but unfortunately  look pretty sloppy by the end of the day  as they stretch and wrinkle very quickly. since they already run a bit big  this is a major negative. i wore them to church  and they were quite wrinkled by time i got home. by late afternoon  they looked like a different pair of pants.
Like previous reviewers have said  these run a bit small and i'm surprised no one's mentioned that these are very high rise. for reference  i'm 5'7"  130 lbs  34-27-37  and am an retailer size 4 in tops and pants. i really wanted to love these pants  but even after ordering a size up and trying on a 6  i was still not in love. and the other reviewers are right ? the back zipper is kinda hard to zip up. the top of these pants are exactly the same as the essential flares  so if you're thinking of ge
It seemed to stay in place and did not require constant readjustment. however  i found the band to be extremely small and tight. it is not the most comfortable bra because of the way the band just presses into your skin.
I was really looking forward to receiving this blouse in the mail. the color was beautiful in person and the photo does not show the nice beading around the neck. that being said  i was so disappointed in the fit. i ordered a size 00 and the arm length was way too long yet the body of the shirt was way too cropped. cropped enough where you could see skin on the sides. made no sense! hoping to order a few more sizes to see if i can find the right fit. order up for length  down for arm length ...
And runs large. i'm always a size 8 in dresses and the 8 was too big. i would buy it in a 6 if the color was closer to what i'm seeing online.
Really enjoy this pullover's arm detail. i got the "purple" which was somewhere between aubergine and garnet. i think this will easily go with black pants to wear to work or a fun skirt/jeans.
The tag on the jeans said "won't stretch out"  and i've already returned one pair to size down when they stretched out by the end of the first wear. ive been wearing the smaller size for a week  and it's stretching out as well. the crotch ends up dropping two or 3 inches and i keep having to hike the pants up in public  after just a week of owning them. i love paige jeans  and the cut and color of these are amazing. i'm going to have to size down one last time just to get them to stay up  i hope
This top arrived today  and after trying it on  i wanted to leave a review to say that the shirt is 100% without a doubt pinned back on the model in the product picture. the fit is designed to be loose  so i don't think anyone could possibly get the same look as the model even if they sized down. i've included a picture of how it fits naturally  and a picture of how it fits the model as i hold the fabric back. it's still a cute shirt  just not the flattering top i was expecting. i'm debating on
I tried this on in the store and had to have it. this is the kind of sweater that you just want to cozy up with on a nice fall or winter day with a cup of coffee in hand. i love the neutral pink color as it will go with everything. i'm a dress and skirt girl and this will go well with those items. it will cover your bum and i love the dolman sleeves. i highly recommend it!!
First  let me start out by giving a reference. i am 5'1"  138lbs  34dd  30  38. i usually take a size 8 in maeve  esp if there is no give. i bought a regular size 6.     first the good: the design. it is classy. it will keep boobies (the ones of the larger side) in place. this is amazing as there isnt really a way to wear a bra with with dress. it is slimming and i have hips.     the bad: surprisingly  the fabric gets dirty super easy. i have no idea why everything clings to it. i got my dress f
Fits great & super comfortable. i love this dress!
If your hips are bigger than a size 6 us you can't fully close this robe. the model must be wearing the larger of the two sizes to have such a nice oversized fit. the fabric is soft and lux and amazing  but the weird dart in the back and the closure is right over my sadly size 8 hips and butt. if i was taller and thinner i would have kept this and worn it every day.
This sweater was a little bit of a let down. i ordered the pink and it is actually a tan sweater with (bright) coral material woven throughout. it wasn't the 'soft pink/coral' color that it appeared to be online. while the material is very cozy  the sweater itself is short and boxy. i would've like the width better if the length would've been a little more proportionate. i am 5' 0" and ordered a petite small. probably returning.
This dress is very  very flattering which i was a little surprised about because i have a smaller chest! it is pretty long  coming to right around my knees and i love the buttons! i would say that the quality is not 100% there  it is very thin material but i am still very happy with it. i really wish they made this dress in other colors because i would buy them in a heartbeat! it is a perfect summer dress and i can't wait to wear it!!
I bought this as a birthday gift for my daughter  and i am so glad i did. the colors are beautiful  and the material is so soft. i'm sure she's going to love it!
I usually wear size 4 for dress  but this is the first time ever i have to go down to size 0  and it fits perfectly. well made  maybe a bit stiff around armholes  nothing major. i love the length as i don't like to show my knees. great color combinations  although this supposed to be a summer dress  it looks great for fall  just need to add a jacket  a pair of boots and i'm good to go  feeling pretty!
This black dress with raised white embroidery is lovely and flattering. the fabric has a nice texture and is medium-weight cotton  and machine washable. the dress is unlined. it's a bit hard to get on and take off even though the buttons can be undone  which helps. there is a tie at the waist  drawstring-style. i only wish my store had the petite size  as i am wondering whether the xs that fit me in the store will still fit as an xs p.
I ordered the black 2 months ago  it was on back order  and i jsut received it finally. the fabric is super soft  itried on both xxs and xs and could keeo either one. the "v" in front where it crosses is low  so most people do need a cami underneath  but you could probably do without for ultra sexy look (not my style  but could be done). i plan on wearing this with skirts  deresses and slacks... i saw a commet on the lighter color  not sure  but love this one in black for sure@
Wear the collar down & it favors grace kelly. pull it up and it's an oversized hood. this lightweight cozy piece combines everything i love about a sweater & a coat in one.
Based on some reviews i decided to get the regular xs  even tho i am an xs petite (5'2  107 lb  32c) i found the fit to be flattering -- fitted enough but not too loose or tight. the length is perfect and work appropriate  and the material has some weight to it. the grey one is colorful and cute. the only problem is the bagginess of the arms -- very unflattering. if i push the sleeves up  it hides the bagginess a little  but i would like to have the option to wear the dress with long sleeves.  s
I loved the fabric  cut and style of these shirts  the diamond gather in the front is a problem though. i just went under and snipped the elastic that is sewn on that design to relax it a bit. this shirt washes and wears wonderfully.   please make again   maybe fix the diamond area so it is not sewn with as much continuous elastic  a space in the sewing on both sides would alleviate that pucker.   sill i love this top
I loved this but hesitated to order since i'm petite and busty and assumed it would be an awful mess in the chest area (too tight  gaping etc) but it is great!!! it fits perfectly! there is plenty of room in the chest and the dress is not too long! i ordered a pm and its wonderful. the dress is not see through at all. love it!!!!!
Beautiful design and soft  warm wool. warm enough to have on outside in the fall (i live in pdx)  and also stylish enough to keep on inside. buy the right size (not too big) because it's meant to fit on the waist and the skirt swings out from there!
That was the only color i liked. it's great if you have a tummy like me and is long enough in the back to cover your butt. back detail is cute  but annoying. sometimes it shifts around and my bra shows  and the string is at least 3 feet too long.   not bad  i wear it with white gauze pants  looks nice. good with leggings too.
This is a beautiful dress  considering it is made from polyester. that being said  the material has a nice finish and looks like it could be silk. it's a flattering cut (other than being a tad short-waisted) and hangs well. it was also a bit tight through the bust. unfortunately  if you are on the taller side  it tends to be high waisted and short in length.my daughter is 5'11" and a size 10. the medium fit best  although because of the length  she is reluctantly returning it. sad  because it ha
Like others reviewers mentioned on here  this dress is extremely well made. but there were too many cons for me  as well. this would most certainly work on a petite/shorter frame  but for tall  busty  and curvier girls  it just sits wrong on all places unfortunately. the color is lovely along with the nice collar that ties in the back really made this dress stand out.  however  i'm a 36c and found that the arm/shoulder part so large and bulky that is made me look bigger on top. there was entirel
For reference: 5'3  130#  athletic/muscular body type (broad shoulders  slim hips)  i ordered the small and i was absolutely swimming in it. perhaps the petite would have been better  but there was just too much fabric everywhere. the sleeves were ridiculous on me  and even cinching the waist with a belt just wouldn't have slimmed the silhouette for me. i have muscular shoulders  and 34d chest  so the top fit as it should  just everything became way too much elsewhere. the fabric was soft and sw
I ordered this dress in small  my usual size (for reference: 5'7"  125 lb). it is too wide. it looks more fitted in the pictures and hangs loose on me. the belt does not help much; it still looks like a sack and i feel like a girl wearing her mom's dress.    also  i found that the material crumples easily.
I just received this dress after ordering it online and i'm already in love. the fit is perfect - i tend to have issues with bust areas of dresses being too small and this fits just right. the material is light and perfect for southwest florida.
I chose the petite small for the shorter length & fits perfectly. it falls abt 3" below my knees. normally i am a small in tops. waiting for some cooler weather to wear with some of my swing style turtlenecks i have & jeans. 5'3"  115#  3c. looks pretty much on me as in the pic.
Just be prepared: this is huge! i looked hilarious in my normal 00p. this was in store  luckily  the the excellent personal stylist warned me. i also don't think the colors are as good in person - bit dull. if it fits you  it could be nice.
Absolutely love this blouse but if your a woman cursed with larger arms for your body size than this is not for you. i couldn't get the lace part of the upper arms past my elbows.  oh well  it's going back!
The fit is really flattering and cute but the fabric and finishings seem really cheap. it's a printed plaid - not woven.
I really like this pullover. the design is beautiful  and i love the asymmetrical hem. my own complaint is that the fit is a bit boxy on me because i'm large-chested. it's more drapey than tailored. but it's not overwhelming and doesn't cancel out how much i like it overall.
While the print is cute  the fit is a disaster if you are a c cup or fuller. the bottom band does not lay flat as pictured on the model (it rides up under your boobs) and the whole cup area tips forward - it's not really molded like a bra  more flat foam insert. immediately went back. hopefully  if retailer continues to do swimwear  they'll take a look at adjusting the designs to make sure they're also workable for fuller cup sizes (underwire please!)
I love the wide straps but it runs small and is short. still great for layering. great  soft material. i hate that it is so tight and short but if i size up them the arm holes would be way too big.
Doesn't feel like cotton jersey. feels like a thin version of the seamless cami. it's not soft as i expected. it's much thinner than expected too.
I really love this top. normally i would not go for a lot of narrow stripes like this because i would think it is too busy  but this one is certainly the exception. both colors are fantastic and i think the design is alluring-not busy. i like that it buttons down which offers a lot of flexibility to display necklaces or have completely up to complete change the look. one of the things i absolutely love about this is that it has long sleeves. i think it is rare these days to find something that i
I wanted to love this dress.....the reviews were great  the price was right and i needed a simple black dress. the fabric (jersey) is lovely and drapes nicely and the print was pretty. unfortunately  the armholes were way too long and low for me and even with a black bra  i was sharing more of my lingerie than i wanted. perhaps someone with a slightly smaller chest could size down and avoid oversharing!  for reference  i am 5'5"  145 and wear a 30gg bra. i ordered the m.
This dress looks so beautiful on the model and i couldn't resist ordering it on-line. i have an athletic build -- read small hips -- straight. i'm 5'5' and 135 lbs. i was very disappointed when i put on. it's made for a curvy build. the dress was just too big  especially around the hips. i think this dress is probably beautiful on a curvier build!
I like the idea of the pullover. the quality of is nice; the material is very soft and feels pleasant to the touch.    i expected this sweater to be more flattering though. it is true to size  but the length is strange. it seems a bit too long  yet is too short to look like a longer tunic. or maybe the waistline is a little low... whatever it is  it makes me look like i have short legs.    also  the collar won't stay down  the way it is shown in the picture. but it may work better for someone wi
I ordered this top in size xl. there is a lot of excess material below the empire waist so it flows out too much. this accentuated my pear-shape and was unflattering. the sizing on the top portion & sleeves was true-to-size.     the material is so rough  scratchy & uncomfortable. they should have used a softer fabric. the pattern alignment is terrible on the one i received. at $100  i hoped the plaid would have flowed in a continuous  matching line. i didn't notice the mismatched sleeves of the
This is an oversized tee with a somewhat flattering fit. material is very thin. i ordered white  which was completely see-through. not at all what i was expecting. might work better in a darker color  but i returned it since it was nothing special.
Great  stylish  swinging dress. softly draped fabric  so comfy to wear....very slimming and figure flattering.
I got this top in my typical size medium and wanted to love it...it is such a good idea and i loved it on the model! however  it failed in translation for me  and i will be returning. the bottom of the top is very loose  but the top clings to my chest (36dd)  pulling awkwardly and gapping on the sides. not worth exchanging for a large  since the bottom of the top is already to loose..
I like the fabric - very smooth and feels nice on the skin. i like the handkerchief hemline too.i didn't realize how much i would not like the neckline. it feels too tight and too high to me and i'm not sure i could wear this for long without pulling at the neck. also  the fit is loose  maybe a bit too loose for my taste. but it's the neck fit that makes me have to return this dress.
Beautiful dress  but works best with a belt where the dress cinches at the high waist. it runs huge: i'm 5'6 and a m/l but the small petite is what looks and fits the best. there is a lot of unnecessary fabric and stretch at the waist. i received a lot of compliments on this dress! glad i kept trying on smaller sizes.
These cords are seriously fantastic. worth the price indeed. they are very comfy  have a lot of stretch but do not loose shape! the fun yet muted color design allows an average outfit to have a fun pop. they do run big  i got a 26 and i'm usually a 27. they are also very long! nothing a little trip to tailors can't fix. overall  highly recommended.
I like this top. it provides a nice pop to the fall/winter dark wardrobe pieces. the picture gives off a blue hue  but the top is black  kind of a dusty black. the picture also gives the impression that the leaves are turquoise  but they're actually more green. at any rate  it is nice addition to my very dark winter wardrobe. i cannot wait to wear it with white denim like the model and something in the green family. i definitely recommend it.
I bought this for my girlfriend with the hope that my presumptive intuition about her style preferences and the fit itself would prove successful. fortunately she loves it and looks amazing in it!  the colors are vibrant and the unique texture really lends itself toward a clothing item that is special- even for retailer.  recommend it highly!
This looks great on the model and is probably beat suited for someone that is tall and thin with small hips.
Gorgeous laser cut top layer in a true vermillion red  oh la la! style is feminine  elegant  and appropriate for all ages.  i plan on wearing this for the upcoming holiday season as well as valentine's day 2017!  quality is top notch and fit is true to size all be it a little snug in the sleeves.  for reference i'm 34e-30-40 and the size 8 worked  i would have like to have tried the 10 but the store only had an 8.  the arms are a little snug  nothing uncomfortable  just snug. length is below kne
Well  i totally disagree with the previous reviewer on this one! i think this top is very pretty. yes  it does hide any flaws in the tummy  but it is not wide nor does it make you look pregnant (side or front view). i am 5 ft  2 inches  broad shouldered  36c and the small fit nicely (i usually wear a small to medium in retailer tops). i am thinking of purchasing the xs as there is still plenty of room around the chest/arm area. the lace is pretty  looks good worn with a dark colored pant. the only
The fabric is very nice on this wrap  but it wears like a blanket.
This dress (i ordered the ivory) is stunning. it is fully lined  the belt adds a needed accent  and the print on the fabric is gorgeous. the fit  though  is another issue. i typically wear a 2-4 depending on the cut and fabric of dresses  and am pretty proportionate with my hips/bust. i ordered a 2 in this dress. it was enormous on the top and painfully tight on my hips and thighs. the fabric has absolutely no give - it needs to drape perfect or it looks awful. if you have any type of hip  thigh
I bought this cardigan to take on a trip to the middle east. it turned out to be a great purchase. the weight of the sweater is substantial enough to add warmth and not just style. i am not a huge fan of light-weight sweaters as i tend to be chilly all the time. i was concerned that the design of the back might accentuate my rounder backside  however it drapes very nicely. i am petite 5'1" with moderate curves. i typically get the xxsp and this was perfect. the neutral color is great with almost
I ordered this in my usual size 0 and couldn't finish zipping up the top  but also couldn't fill in the boobs. i am 5'7  116 lbs  32a. it is very cute  but the top was pretty stiff and unless it draped on you correctly  could probably be bothersome. i was disappointed in the quality of the skirt- no lining  simple cotton/polyester. i will probably return  try the size up  but was disappointed compared to how excited i was for it. i did like that it had pockets  and would be a fun dress to wear f
I bought this in a medium at the store (usually a size 8 -10) and bought one for my daughter who was with me  in the coral color. (she's 7 months pregnant   and bought her a small. it fits fine below the belly. she loves how comfy it is.) my other daughter saw them and i had to buy her a pair as well. :>) so  we were hanging out at the hotel on a girls weekend and wore them at the pool and even to sleep in. i think you can actually dress it up and wear it out and about as well. i did see that a
Being that i am short  5'2"  this skirt flares out way too much resembling a 50's style poodle skirt. the model in photo has her arm strategically placed thus pushing back excess fabric toward the back making it look more streamline. this skirt is not for the under 5'5". long leggy types could easily "rock" this.
Sleeves were tight  was difficult to put on ?. for the price  you want to love the shirt. sending it back.
I was walking to the fitting room and i saw two of this dress on a rack- an xs and small. i could tell by looking at it that it runs small  so i grabbed a small to try on. i didn't want to love this dress (it's expensive)  but i did. it is so pretty and flattering. i wish it were an inch or two longer  but it's ok. with tights in the fall will be fine. not sure i would wear this to work  as i am a teacher and it is too short for me. it definitely runs small. i am between a 2 and a 4  so i took t
When i saw this top online  i thought i'd love it and immediately ordered it in both colors.  they arrived today and i am soooo disappointed.  i have never seen such drab colors.  the blue is a muddy grayish hue (like an overcast day) and the pink is a dusty shade of peach.  yuck.  and i was hoping the ruffle at the bottom would have a chiffon-like flowy effect.  instead  the ruffle is made of a cheap looking knit.  back these go...
The "movement" in these culottes when i walk makes me feel like i should have some  "yeah  i can wear these attitude!" not only is the quality exceptional but the fabric is "thick" enough to hide flaws. i am 5' 120 lbs and i ordered the 4petite. i am usually a 6petite. the size 4p fits perfectly. i ordered the apricot color. great neutral. i'm so happy i was able to get a pair -there's a reason most sizes are sold out! i have short legs  and my legs are medium in size. i worried about the thigh
I so wanted to like this dress i ordered it for summer graduation and weddings. i usually wear a 4/s and even the xs is was too pig. it drapes like a smock. the material is heavy. the only thing pretty about this dress is the pattern and color.    still looking for the perfect dress...
I wasn't sure about this dress  and decided to give it a shot based on reviews  could not be happier. before trying it on i was worried about the length  and always worry about dreaded button gap at the chest  but none of that is an issue.
I tried this tunic at a store and loved it. i had to buy a much bigger size because the sleeves are so narrow.  the 12 fit ok but the sleeves are so tight it hurt. i have normal arms and i am so glad i was at a store to try a bigger size.
I loved this vest from the moment i saw it. sadly  though  it runs way too large. i first ordered it in a small and then an xs when it popped back. even the xs was too large around my shoulders and waist. the color was also a bit more beige than in the photos  which was ok  but i had to return it because of the size.
I love love this top and bought it in both colors. it runs a tad big but fits me well. both l and xl fit me well  but the xl was longer so i have one in each size. i really like this top. it looks good  goes well with most pants especially blue  and is very comfortable. i am very happy with my purchase.
I bought this shirt in black and it goes with everything. definitely runs large-i have big boobs and bought the xl and returned it for the large which was even still a bit too big (long running in the sleeves) though i was comfortable with keeping it. it's a soft  comfortable shirt. the snap detail is quirky and allows multiple looks/ styling. i love the shirt and i'm glad i got in on it while i did.
This really is a lovely shirt . i like the long length of the sleeves as sleeves are often too short on me to wear cuffed at the wrist. i now have the option of long or rolled up sleeves. the fabric is the perfect weight for indoors. it is definitely a keeper.
Like other reviewers have said  this is very sheer  look at the sleeve in the picture and you'll get an idea of how sheer the body is as well. the material posed challenges for it's creater because one top i tried on in the store had a sleeve that was smaller than the other  tight enough that it would have ripped if i weren't careful. tried on another identical top and the sleeves were a normal somewhat loose fit. bodice portion is much more intense pink in real life. loose  billowy  and perhaps
It broke my heart to have to return this dress -- the fabric is simply gorgeous  very high quality  and i love the contrast between the yoke and the rest of the dress. but it was simply not flattering on me. i am 5-4 with a relatively large bust and an overall medium build. the small size fit me perfectly  but the cut just didn't look good on me. i have other tunic dresses that look great on me with tights and boots. so i am not entirely sure why this dress just didn't work for me. it may be tha
I wanted to love this top. the neckline made it look strange on me. if i untied it  it looked sloppy. so  it went back. i love the print though.
I bought these on sale and love  love them! they are comfortable and super cute with the print detail on the calves and around the waist. i am waiting to receive the matching hoodie. don't know it i will wear them together since i don't like to be too "matchy". i have worn the leggings with a long black tunic top and grey slip on sneakers. very happy with this purchase!
I had such high hopes for this top! the colors! the peplum! the ruffles! the price point! the fit was terrible  unflattering  and laughable! please try again with this one  retailer. you could have a real winner with a little tweaking!
This is just a fantastic dress! i bought it in my usual m in the blue and it fits like a glove. i love the varying lengths and the adorable sleeves and the substantial knit which feels amazing on the body without revealing any bumps and lumps :) i took the regular length and found it perfect. the front hits about two inches above my knee and the rest hits a bit lower. i'm only 5"1  but i prefer dresses that hit closer to my knee than mini so the regular was perfect for me  definitely a keeper!
So  so cute. totally flattering. but the seams don't lie flat and there are loose threads all over the place. i've had issues with quality from retailer for a while (random holes in things) and was disappointed this fit that bill. i'm keeping it anyway because it's so cute!
Not that i don't recommend  only don't recommend if you have muscular thighs. so i tried on the small in plaid pattern (or checkered?) and not flattering on me at all. snug on the though and loose by the knee and below. also that pattern made my legs look weird  no kidding  kind of crooked... they are super comfortable and the small fit  so perhaps they run small?    i would get petite if you are usually a petite  the regular size bunched on the bottom  too long.    i am usually a 0p or 00p  or
It is soft and hangs great. problem - i wore it one time - and the back balled up terrible. it looked like i had owned it for years - not worn it one time. wouldn't recommend. though it is sooooo soft!
Just so i'm clear  the only reason i said it runs large is b/c of the top portion  but the bottom or waist. loved this romper when i saw it online  it was however too big in the top portion. the straps are adjustable but the back is too low for a bra and it "gaps" too much in the front unless you are standing straight all day.    also b/c i'm 5'8  the small was just a tad too short  definitely no bending !    i'm 5'8 tall  127lbs with an average size chest #34c# i ordered a small and the bottom
I absolutely love this skirt! i purchased both a medium and a large. i found that it ran big. i typically wear a size 10-12. i ended up keeping the medium and it was perfect!
I'm returning this cardigan. it doesn't fit me at all. it's shapeless and loose.
I wanted to love this as i love bright colored patterns. however  when i received the pattern was different than the one pictured and didn't appear as bright and the material was much different than i expected. could almost see through the shirt where it is white and is very thin.  also  i have a larger chest and a smaller waistline and the cut of the where the peplum began made me look larger than i actually am. i am a 36ddd and i normally where a size medium. a medium fit but like i said made
I've eyed this dress forever and finally decided to buy it. i literally read every single review to make sure i ordered the right size. i'm 5'4-3/4"  36c-32-37 with a drop-waist that measures 34. based on the reviews  i ordered a regular size 6. i tried it on with a bra and also without  and the dress fits so well and beautifully both ways. but for complete comfort  i'll probably go without the bra (the lining and design don't show anything you don't want seen!). sitting in it feels great too. i
The cups on this suit are  ridiculous.  unless you are going to a nudist beach i do not recommend.  the construction of the suit itself was also vey poor. seams were messed up  a big pull right on the front-- i brought it back. sad because the design was adorable- just poor execution.
The fit is quite strange on me as the tie is very high on the waist. this makes the jacket look odd and quite voluminous. i was very impressed with the fabric though but will have to return. i wish retailer would post what size is the model wearing. maybe she is wearing a larger size than usual which falls lower.
I'm 5'5" and 140 lbs - hardly super-tiny and the xs was swimming on me. the shoulders are oddly large and this beautiful sweater/jacket just hangs off the body. believe it when they say "oversized styling" - unfortunately will have to return.
Very cute  great fit and super comfortable. perfect for fall with tall boots
I loved how soft this dress was  as well as versatile. however  i only got to wear it one time because after the first wash  a giant fabric tear happened on one of the seams. unfortunately  the fabric is so soft  but rather thin  and it didn't hold. the care instructions say machine washable but i wouldn't put it in the washing machine again. especially since i often have to wash clothes twice in the washer i use because it's so old and barely agitates. would love this if it was made a little be
Omg when i saw this coat in the baby blue i knew i had to have it. i tried it on and fell madly in love! i decided it was the only thing i needed in this world. it is soft and cozy. comfort with an old fashion hollywood glam. its almost sold out already  so grab it if you can cuz its divine! does run a little big  so i got a 0 instead of a 2 and its perfect.
I love the cold shoulder trend! this sweater is not bulky  but the thick knit will keep you warm while looking stylish! it is not your typical sweater. if you want something unique  but still basic  this is your sweater. looks great with jeans and khakis.
I love this - great coverage  goes with everything  flattering pockets  soft and soothing taupey gray palette - a+. retailer does it again.
I purchase this top of "what i thought to be a beautiful denim tunic/top" in a small on the sale rack with additional promo with beautiful details   but what is going on with the mid-section where there is at least 6 inches of space where there is no button or way to close the lower placket! and the lower bottom of placket is sewn shut so it makes the mid section bubble out  but why no buttons to close what would be a button down top???? you can slide your hand through this open space and it ope
Great swim top. good coverage and very comfortable. be advised this is not reversible like title suggests.
Too full of a dress for me. i tried a belt and it is then too chunky. if you are younger  tall and slim  this would look great
I knew going in that it may not fit a d cup but the fabric is beautiful so i thought i'd give it a try. i wear a 36d and bought a large. it's got a clasp in the back so there's no adjustment on how it fits around which for me was too big. the triangles did not provide enough coverage  left too much side boob. the fabric was very pretty in person but thinner than i expected which also made it seem less sturdy. sadly  have to return and cancel the back-ordered bottoms. i would recommend to someone
Love this tank. it is so soft and comfortable. the length hits just right on the hip. it hugs the body nicely  not too tight  just loose enough on a hot summer day. i have this in black and white. i wish they would offer more colors.
First off  the pictures online hardly do these justice. these pants are way cool. they are soft  have the perfect little pattern  they have a great tie detail on the cuff  they are higher waist (which is always more comfy)  and they are super stylish! just like the other reviewer  i am occasionally hesitant on drop crotch pants...but i was so drawn to these. i'm glad i have them a shot because they are way better than i expected! these are worth the buy!
Should have ordered the xl instead of the large. didn't even come close to being able to button the front but i'm a 34 g. i find sanctuary to run small. beautiful soft green color  fabric is soft too. it is cropped to the waist. decided to return instead of reorder.
These are such a great alternative to actual leather pants  they have the perfect amount of stretch and breath-ability (i've always found leather pants to be too hot) . got the holly color  unfortunately the p size was sold out but as another reviewer noted  these are easy to roll up. i noticed some of the complaints about quality and these not holding up  but given the use of two different materials  pu and a stretchy material  i think it's only natural that these would tear along the seams aft
This is a perfect outer layer for chilly mornings or nights. the detail on the back and sleeves is definitely retailer quality. the sleeves do run a little long though.
These jeans hug in all the right places. the high waist accentuates my body and makes my legs look a mile long! the jeans will need a trip to the tailor to be hemmed  pooling even with my highest heels.
I've been looking for a nice affordable robe for awhile and this is the one! it's so soft and the design makes you feel fancy when you wear it. perfect for lounging doing my nails or wearing a face mask.
I spend most of my time searching for the perfect pair of jeans (okay  maybe a slight exaggeration  but only slight). finally  the the ag stevie's are it. this is my third pair. now  for more colors...
I ordered this top in the pink in a medium (i usually wear a small or medium in retailer shirts). it fit tts with not being too short. the embrodiery is very pretty  better in person than online. my only complaint is it's a bit blousey  so you would need to either tuck it in or wear with skinny jeans/shorts. for reference  i am 5" 4.5"' 135 lbs and a 32c.
This definitely runs a little large  but i love this tee.  i actually went back and bought it in a second color. it's perfect to throw on with shorts this summer.
This is a beautiful top if you size way down. i normally wear a small in tiny tops. i had to buy an xxs petite in this top. even still there is a little extra material around the sides  but i've received a ton of compliments on the top.
I was surprised at how much i liked this sweater. i was watching it for awhile and when it went on sale i decided to give it a try. i couldn't decided on the rose or black so i ordered both since they were such a good price  figuring i would return the color i didn't want. boy was i happy i ordered both. the rose is very flattering and the fit is so much better than i expected. i am 5'9' and usually take a large in size. i could have gone down one size  but the front drapes against your body it
For the price of this dress  i was expecting something decent. the style is cute  but nothing more. however  the type of the polyester that the dress is made of.... oh my. it is a thick unpleasant material  that will cling to a body when it is hot. i never came across an item at retailer that was made this cheaply.  the tag on the back was hanging at half and the button on the front was ready to come off before i even tried this dress on.  no need to say - it's going back asap.  you should not sel
I bough a green  size s (140lbs.  34b  5'8). the sweater is true to size: it hits at my low hip and  although it is cut generously  it is cut close to the body. the "green" color is very pretty and true to the monitor depiction of a bright turquoise. the material is very soft and definitely high-quality cashmere with no itch factor. however  the knit of the yarn is very chunky  which means that this is not a slimming garment. moreover  since i have long arms  the bell sleeves do not reach my wri
Fabulous fabric  adorable details. fitting is very  very odd. it's non-adjustable in any way. the fabric has no stretch at all around the middle and the underwire of the bra is very stiff which i found painful. the straps were kind of loose  but there is no way to tighten them because of the frills. when i bent over  the shorts exposed the bottom of my butt. i'd get a larger size  but then i can't adjust the straps and they would definitely be too long and leave my breasts very exposed. overall 
I love this jacket  but in contrast to the other reviewers find it to run a little small. i usually wear a small at retailer and got a size medium as the small was a little tight under the armpits. this might be because i have a large chest  but i wanted more room in case i want to layer.
I worry when i have an elastic waist  or something that resembles this  but the dress hangs like a dream. no puffing out  no gathers that you can see. it is not sheath  but not a line either  kind of in between  hits several inches above my knees  but perfect with some black tights for winter. i saw the note about grey  have to try it on agin in daylight  but i would say think black on the top  light camel color on the bottom i am 5'8  typically wear a size 12  and it was true to size for me the
Everyone has said it  so i'll just add my two cents - this is a great  soft  flattering top. i bought two  one in white and one in black  and i have never worn them without getting compliments. i sometimes wear them buttoned up  and sometimes completely unbuttoned to expose tanks or bathing suits. (i live in florida  and these tops make great beach cover ups). i am 5'7" and over 160 but not busty  and the medium was swimming on me  but i think this particular shirt is supposed to be that way. su
I saw this dress online and loved it. i ordered the blue denim one in my usual sizes an 8 and 10  but i think the 10 was sized wrong. anyhow  both were too small  so when i returned them  they were in the store! i ended up with a size 12 which fits great  with a little bit of room. it is light weight  simple but fun and very comfortable to wear. i have received many compliments on it on my first day wearing it. i also ordered it in white  thinking that i might prefer that color  but when it arri
I should have listened to previous reviewers. but the dress looks so good on the model in the two dimensional pictures. when it arrived in the mail  i realized this is a mistake. it has no shape  material is poofy and feels cheap. it is going back.
I am a pretty consistent size 2 or 26. ordered these in my usual 26 and  yikes  right out of the package knew they''d be way to small. they have a lot of stretch in them so i was able to get them buttoned but they were wayyyy too small and looked awful. i returned them for a 27 which i am still waiting for. i'll update this review when they arrive. other than the size issue  they were just as pictured/expected.
In the midst of the end-of-winter doldrums  i tried this cute top on. springy. powdery. happy. the lace is soft  not too stiff or scratchy  and lightweight enough to transition nicely into summer. because the cami is a separate piece  i also envision wearing this as a top over a slip-dress with some retro mary janes. the sleeve length makes it fair game for late winter  too. yay!
Runs small. great quality. haven't washed it yet  but guessing it will shrink if i dry it. awesome texture- waffle knit. i got the stripe. it has a removable palm tree pin!
This cardigan is so pretty on the hanger! and it's a lovely color and the pattern on it is just beautiful.  but somehow it just doesn't suit me. i bought it twice  the second time on sale  hoping it would look better on the second time around.  nope. the deep v neckline and the cut of the body just makes me look really flat-chested and "meh."  back it goes. again.
This looks cute on the model but was way too big  loose and sloppy for me. i probably needed a petite size. i ordered a regular xs  but returned it. it is an okay black top  nothing great.
I loke the idea of this jacket but it was executed poorly. it makes me look like a football player! i am 5'8 135/athletic build and i was swimming in the m. i tried a small on in store and it still looked like i was wearing shoulder pads. it hangs and gaps awkwardly. the sleeves are freakishly long and the overall length was too short.
I bought this top in the blue motif and loved it so so very much until i washed it. it came out of the wash (delicate/cold cycle) with 3 small holes. i am devastated because it was destined to be my favorite top for summer. it is flattering  lightweight  gorgeous color  cool raw edges  v-back detail...i could go on and on about all the things i love about this top  but now it has holes after one washing so it's all for naught. do-over please with better fabric qa.
Really cute top! love the ruffle detailing and the pattern. quality could be slightly better since i slightly expected the material to be softer. either way  i'm happy with the top. got my usual xs and it fit perfectly. it's meant to be a looser top so i don't mind that it runs a little bigger.
I love these pjs! i thought $100 for the set was a little too pricey for me but as soon as they went on sale i knew i had to have them! they are so light and fresh  perfect for the texas heat! it helps that the print is absolutely precious as well!
I ordered the shirt bc it looked soo cute despite the fact many said this shirt was see thru. it's true.. had to return it
This dress looks nothing like the photo. the sequins are dull  no sheen at all. the faux leather panels and straps look and feel like cheap  shiny plastic. i didn't even try it on  because it was so hideous  when i pulled it out of the box. not remotely worth the price and wouldn't buy it on sale for $20 either. skip.
I'm so impressed with the beautiful color combinations and embroidery but disappointed in the rayon fabric used  especially at this price point.  the sleeveless sheer blue outer dress is a flowy swing silhouette that retains many wrinkles.  i have thick shoulders and upper arms  so the armholes cut into my armpits.  the silky rayon liner is a blush rose color with adjustable spaghetti straps.  the slip has no stretch and feels a bit tight on my chest.  i ordered size medium petite and my stats a
Great fabric  not too clingy and provides a forgiving sillhoette. very comfortable. perfect skirt for summer get togethers or shopping. may be a little long if you are on the short side. one thing i liked is that the skirt draped well and doesn't hang open or slide up. recommend particularly on sale.
I saw the cream top online and loved it  but it is even prettier in person. i typically purchase petite sizes online  but i tried on the 0 in the store and it fit nicely-- not super fitted throughout the waist as others have mentioned  but the length was just right and the arms/chest fit perfectly. for reference  i'm 5'2"  100 lbs  32b. this will look great with skinny pants or jeans.
Great quality and extremely flattering. bonus that it is on sale. i felt like this dress was a godsend. i am five months pregnant and needed a dress that made me feel comfortable but not frumpy. i think i'll get a lot of mileage out of it  as there's enough stretch to get me through the next few months and then (hopefully!) i can wear it after too. also can be dressed up or down  so appropriate for many occasions. i believe it runs true to size (i sized up  from xs to s  for obvious reasons  but
Huge with bountiful amounts of extra fullness....not like represented picture. and it snags very easily. i have a 4 mo. old puppy that jumped up on me as i was trying it on and snagged it in several places. 'i'm going to see about returning it with the snags.
I've been shopping with retailer over 10 years and this is my first review. i almost didn't order after reading negative reviews from petite ladies. i'm 5' 2" and these jeans are perfection! they look amazing with a 2-3 inch heel. i don't think they are meant to wear with flats since petite people look ridiculous in flats with boot cut or wide leg anyway. love these!
Dress is lovely - the sleeves were shorter than i thought but otherwise nice fabric and very pretty cut!!
I bought the design which has now sold out  of the sailboats and waves along the top. the t-shirt is super soft and thin. but  it's not sheer or see-through. very light and cool for hot humid summer days. has some nice stretch as well. a really gentle cotton knit.    this top does run large. maybe that's so it will be cool and not stick to you? thus  i didn't size down because i don't like clothes too form-fitting on super hot days.
This top is a great addition to your summer wardrobe! it looks great with jeans/jean shorts. it's relaxed and comfortable with a super flattering cut. the straps and low cut in the back add a touch of sexy as well.
This dress fits awfully. it's not short  as pictured in photo. it hit just above my knees. it looked like sack. i would've  also  felt like i was choking  all night with it clasped around my neck. it  potentially  may look okay on someone who is very tall  skinny  and lanky  but i have my doubts about that too.
I usually wear an 8  which wasn't available  and sized up to the 10 which fit just fine as there is no stretch and it's a set-in waist band. the fabric is pretty  the skirt is fully lined  the length is not too short  and the only thing i don't like is the big bronzey toothed zipper - it looks ok on the beige version  but on the black it stands out.    it's perfect for summer but i could also see wearing the black version during holidays.
I ordered this vest in xxs  since i am usually an xs and was looking for a bit of a tighter fit on such a loose vest. even then  the vest looked like a large. not only was it incredibly loose - much looser than in looks in the picture - but the arm holes were huge too. it just looked too big  not artfully drapey.
The fabric clung to my body i expected it to flow and be breezy  it was too flimsy  the arms were too wide and overall for $100 this dress didn't cut the mustard. i'm 5'7" 135 the dress was long enough  just didn't flow very well.
Those pants sit pretty snug on top and get very wide very fast. this looks odd in my opinion if you do not wear a tunic style top like on the picture. also the material is quite thin  which makes the snug part look unflattering. they were not for me unfortunately.
I bought this in store yesterday in a 2 petite - it definitely looks best if you can get it in your usual size (4 petite just looked too big and changes the look). love the embroidery detail. it was on display with the sleeves rolled up to elbows  and it's really cute that way too.
The one i tried on had something wrong with the pockets... one was regular height t eh other was so low  i could barely put my hand in it. however  the jumpsuit itself is really pretty and soft. color is nice  but hard ot pull off on pale skin like me.  i tried on the xs  but that was big. i would need xxs p if it was made in that size  so i let it go... (looked nice with pinched fabric in the back.    for reference i am 115 lbs  30 dd< 26.5 in waist.
I did not have the same experience as the reviewers. this shirt is not what i thought. the front is low cut and i would have to wear something under it. i could not wear this to work  and i would not wear it in public. the fabric isn't bad  but feels flimsy.the fit is tight. i wear a small  or xs in most shirts  and this was ordered in a small and it was tight. i did like the green though  and the color in person is nicer than what is pictured.
This is a gorgeous flowy top. i paired it with a pair of army green pants and have received a ton of compliments. you can dress this top up for a night out or for work  or style it for a fun evening out. you will be very pleased with this top.
First  i absolutely love this dress  and i was super excited when it arrived today. i sized up as other reviewers recommended  and the dress fits perfectly. however  when i zipped the dress up  the zipper came apart in the center. going up another size would make the dress fit improperly  so i am hoping to exchange it for a new one and have better luck with the zipper.
I had high hopes for this tunic for an upcoming ny trip - to look stylish and beat the heat. it is huge. the tunic swallowed my whole. it came down nearly to my knees (i'm 5' 6) and it was gigantic - shapeless and did not look stylish at all. on the model it looks like it hits mid-thigh. i am a size 10 - and the l was like a giant trash bag on me. if i had time  i would try the medium ...
Very cute  and well made. fits true to size.
I so wanted to love this dress  despite the reviews. when i opened the package i fell in love with the fabric. the print is absolutely beautiful and the fabric feels luxurious. the dress fit perfectly but there was just too much fabric (even though i absolutely loved the fabric). the flowing overlay was just too much. i am returning it.
I liked this top okay but i did not think it was worth full price. i thought it was only average.
I saw army green pants similar to this in the store  but then found these on line and ordered them instead. i love them. they stretch out a bit so i am glad i sized down. i could possibly have sized down even one more size. i got a 27. the waist is very comfortable  so maybe this is just the fit...after all  they are basically stylish fatiques. either way  they are casual but on trend. i have planned a ton of outfits in my head already because these pants will go with so much! i think the cuff w
The skiers  cats  and puffin patterns are adorable and i was very tempted to keep the shirts just for the patterns. unfortunately  the fit was awful. i am short and need to highlight my waist and this shirt did the opposite. the skier fabric is also see-through. the tenting issue could be fixed if you belt the shirt or tuck it in  but it is not very long. 100% rayon fabric is a bummer too. the shirt was snug at the bicep  but not as bad as i expected from the reviews. i sized up from an 8 to 10.
The sherpa vest i received from retailer was the color the model is wearing.. the same hue and shade of both the faux shearliing and faux leather. i'm very satisfied with the vest. i believe it runs a bit large. i usually wear a large  sometimes an extra large yet the m/l fit me fine. shearling is very in this year and this will complete your look-wearing either pants or skirts.
The cut of this dress is gorgeous and it could be great if it were made of quality silk and was lined. although the color is beautiful  the cheap fabric has no variation  is too saturated  and lacks any sheen of quality silk.   shocked at the price. i still have beautiful silk dresses from retailer pre 2010 . being back the quality!
Cute top. not sure about the tassels at the sleeves. very flattering in the waist area.
The color and detailing on this shirt are pretty  but it is incredibly wide at the hips. as someone with a large chest  it was very unflattering.
Color is pretty true to pic  a bright blue red.  sleeves have more volume than pic.  so does the body.  in my opinion.  maybe if i looked like the model.  i wear a 27 in jeans and it doesn't look so cute on me.  also i'm a brunette.  angles?  pinning?  i have to wonder.  probably just pics at good angles.  it looks really cute on the model though.
This dress immediately caught my eye in the store. the colors are vibrant and the cut is flattering. i wear a smaill and it fit perfectly  the sweater material is not thick so it can be worn all year. it is very versatile.
Bought this on a whim. i had been wanting a new maxi dress and the bodice looked really cool online. ordered it in black. it fits true to size however the material is a bit on the thin side and where the fabric crosses over on the lower waist line...it leaves a love handle lump. without the bulk it would be great as overall look is kind of cool. however  i am on the fence on this one. for the money there are better maxis out there.
I'm on the fence about this one. it is pretty
I tried on the regular size at my store (wish stores close to me carried petites)  and it was jsut too overwhelming (aka big). i wanted to purcahse the petite  however  as i really like it (striked out as they are sold out in my size  bummer).  the cut is otherwise flattering  and the sweater is really comfortable. i like all the contrasting "colors" and patterns too.
Love the colors on this adorable  flattering style!
Cute and comfy. if you don't throw a leg out like the model above  it mostly reads as a skirt because the legs are so full. but it's really comfortable  and pairs well with a surprising number of tops
Looks so cute in the picture  but just didn't really look that flattering on - plus the sleeves were too tight and too long for my short arms so going back....
I was really hoping this dress would work out  as it looks like it could be a staple outfit for work! the material is very nice  but unfortunately the dress was way too big. there is a band right under the chest that i would think should be somewhat fitted to give the dress some shape to your figure  but it was wayyy to big on me (especially considering i am large-chested! i will be returning this.
Saw this hanging in the store. it is cute front and back.  it is flattering as well. i plan to wear under a jacket for work and without a jacket at night.  looks amazing with a denim jacket
I tried this on in the store yesterday and i wanted to buy it very much. the jacket would work well for many sleveless tops or dresses all summer  and would work in an office. but  on me  the unusual cut of the arms emphasized the worst part of my arms (saggy or fat area) in a comical manner. if they tried to design a garmet to make arms look bad  the couldnt have done it better. further  the extra material against the body added bulk at my narrowest point (i am hourglass). again  not flattering
The color is nice and the material is what you might find used by a high school drama club with a low budget - a very cheap polyester. on top of that - it is unhemmed and unfinished in any way - so you can bet  that about the second or third wearing there are going to be runs all through the thing. i've attached a picture of the "hem" below. on top of that - the ruching is awkward (as mentioned by another reviewers). all in all - kind of terrible.
I love the idea of this top  but there is just way too much fabric involved in person! i'm 5'2 and usually wear a small or medium to accommodate a fuller chest. i ordered a small and it fit fine around the chest but the huge swing hem combined with the slightly stiff fabric is just enormously unflattering. i feel like they could have made about 3 shirts out of it. i think the picture must have it pinned a ton in the back  the silhouette is nothing like shown. if there were just less fabric  i wo
I agree with the other reviewer that the color of this top is more burgundy with purple undertones rather than a deep red like shown online. the fit was very boxy on me and it did not look flattering. i was not willing to to have it altered so i returned it.
This is definitely my go to top for work  weekends or night out with the husband. i've worn it with skinny jeans  black tights and skirts. it goes with just about anything. easy to accessorize with a simple long chain necklace or a statement piece. i think the gray combo was a bit more flattering than the green combo.
The material is nice and has a lot of stretch. i ordered the small as i'm a 6 in most dresses. it fits comfortably  i could probably get away with xs but have a large chest so was afraid it wouldn't cover me. i'm 5'2" so a petite might be a bit better but it was sold out. i'll have to wear tall wedges with this one.
I wasn't sure about this top but i had a feeling i needed to at least try it on. it drapes so beautifully and the keyhole neck is a lovely little touch. i love the asymmetric hemline and the fabric is incredibly soft. as far as the fit goes i found that it did run slightly small.
These pants are more like 9" not 10". i was very dissappointed. the color is great and so is the fabric.  if you look more closely at the model the pants don't fit her either!! they are too small! i haven't decided whether or not to take them back because i am losing weight. i am a 31 so far but these pants are like a 30. i need the color because they go perfectly with a top i bought from retailer
Got this shirt in black so i can wear it to work.  more personality than a plain t-shirt but still comfortable.  got lots of compliments.
This dress looked so cute on the model  but unfortunately not so much on me. it appeared so much more fitted in the picture than it actually is. i ordered the xs and it is huge on me. definitely a tunic/swing style  rather than streamlined. my husband said it looked frumpy on me. it is also longer than it appears on the modei. for reference i am 5' 4"  i wish this would have worked  but i need something more fitted for my body type. if you are looking for an unfitted tunic style  this could be s
The dress is well-made and very nice  just didn't suit all of my lumps and bumps. wasn't super forgiving. also  i'm 5'8" and it was a bit shorter than i expected. otherwise  a great dress!
I ordered these along with the regular ag stevie jeans and there is a definite difference in fabiric and cut. i liked the darker fabric but it was thinner and stretchier that the more "denim" version. the cut was also looser in the thigh and seat area which made for a looser  less flattering fit. returned it and kept the regular ag stevie.
After readying the reviews of this dress  i thought for sure i was purchasing a winner. boy  was i wrong! first  this dress feels like a potato sack and looked like one on. i felt that it was very boxy and more of a o' one size fits all' sizing. it did not embrace my curves at all. the material was not as chic as i would have thought. overall  the entire dress was not flattering. honestly  i do not understand what the rave reviews were talking about it.
These were so perfect for the first hour or so. i was convinced they were my new favorite pants! but their initial forgiveness turned into a slovenly stretch  and they creased and wrinkled like crazy after i'd been sitting a couple hours. it looked downright embarrassing - saggy and wrinkly (radiating from the crotch  no less) . i got them in the gray  and it's possible that other colors use different  less awful fabric.
First off  the other reviews are spot on regarding the quality of this top. the material is thick and pleasant feeling  the print is beautiful and the construction is nicely done. however  i just couldn't get past the fit issue  which was also mentioned by the other reviewers. i ordered a 14 for my 38 dd chest  and it was loose in all the wrong places. i'd be interested to see what a 12 looks like on me  but i'm afraid it would be too snug. this may look awesome on someone else  but i had to ret
I ordered one of the xl in the red version. the fit is true to size. it matches the model's photos. the color is much prettier in person. it looks washed-out on my computer. but  in person  it's a nice light red. the quality of the material is okay. not as good as with the floral version of this style (florascura tank). the layers are flattering for my pear-shape. it definitely needs a tank underneath though. not worth full-price in my opinion but worth getting on sale.
I liked the look of the tunic sweater  and it was very soft. i am 5'7  115 lbs and tried on the xs. the arms felt a bit tight  but overall it fit well and i liked the length. i did not like how high the hem was split though- i would ideally like to wear these with a pair of leggings  and wish the hem was split just a little lower and not right at my hip. the material was very soft  but i felt like it was a bit cheap for the price.
The title says it all. while the quality was good  when i put this dress on a felt like i was wearing a shapeless sack fashioned out of wallpaper. the length was longer than on the model (makes sense since i am only 5'5")  which was ok  but the overall fit was just too big. i am a size 2 and tried the xs  which was huge. just not flattering or breezy or sexy in any way. going back!
I really wanted to like this shirt but it doesn't seem to be of that great of quality and is much more sheer than indicated in the photographs. the shirt is very clingy and doesn't hang well. i sent it back
I love these pants! best fitting pants i've ever owned. flattering. stretchy/don't stretch out. i am so sad that retailer didn't plan well and stock enough. i bought the black  want the gray and all sizes but 25 and 31 are sold out. i might just buy another black pair so i can have another. i really wish retailer would re-stock these!!!! although these are 5star pants  i rated them a 3 for retailers poor / low stock quantity.
I love these! i adore tracy reese  and these are my favorites. they feel like pjs  fit true to size and are just perfect for work (i'm a teacher) or for going casual. very lightweight and not too hot for texas summers.
Appears much more sleek in the photograph. in real life  this shirt looks more like a pajama top. thin  extremely casual  not worth the price i paid- even in black. will be exchanging it tomorrow.
It's a cute idea  but it's so low cut and the material is very thin. i was hoping to wear it as a cool  flowing summer top  but i'll have to layer it since my whole bra basically hangs out of it. i'm only keeping it because it was such a good price. also the buttons are super tiny and a little hard to fasten.
I suppose i would have kept this top i hadn't been misled about the color. i don't like ecru or eggshell--  the description said it was black and white.
I bought this dress in-store  and it's fantastic. i'm between a medium and a large  and i bought a large because it was the one available  and it's fantastic. some of the polyester is fraying between the seams  which is obviously not ideal  but i'm willing to overlook that for generally how great this dress is.
Glad i got this on sale. it is more yellow than the photo & short. it is also heavy with a sueded interior. would have given more stars if it was less boxy & longer.
I'm 5'1 and a tad busty and this sweater i found to be most flattering. i saw it i. the store on was drawn to it. i love the shimmer but perhaps that's because the holiday feel is already in the air in nyc. the m fit great in both length pans width. it looked great with my straight black jeans and boots. i felt it made me look thin. thankful i bought it on a discount day! it's a fabulous sweater.
I added this to a stack of try-ons on my trip to retailer today not expecting to be impressed by this number but was blown away when i tried it on. 148 dollars is a little pricey but didn't hesitate it was so beautiful  i am a 32b and normally wear a size 6 and the small fit perfectly. can't wait to wear it on vacation in new orleans in a couple of weeks!
I tried on the red xs in the store and the v-neck was way too low. showed at least an inch of my bra strap in the back  which was unfortunate because i really loved the dress otherwise. i decided to purchase the xxs online hoping the v would not be so deep and would cover my bra. it did  but the xxs was significantly smaller! it still fit  but took this from an elegantly flowy and loose dress to one that looked more empire cut and tight in the chest. maybe the xs i tried in the store was just st
C'mon. the accent is wrong! a simple google search would prevent this.
I think i've made a hobby out of trying on jumpsuits & rompers this season. i now own three (including this one in my usual size small: 32d-31-38). i passed right by this on-line but it drew my attention in the store. i didn't realize it was chocolate brown and ivory (i'm a sucker for brown). i tried it on on a whim and it looked great. i am tall--almost 5' 9" and it looked great. i will say it shows off my bottom (for better or worse) more than other jumpsuits. it doesn't give me a wedgie but a
I just received this beautiful dress in the mail after ordering my usual size petite 12. words can't describe how beautiful the fabric and embroidery appeared as i pulled the dress from the box. i quickly tried it on. the length was perfect. but when i attempted to zip the side zipper  i realized that i would never be able to zip it up over my size 38c chest. the bodice is simply too small. sadly  i have to return the dress. this is my biggest disappointment from retailer so far. if you have a ver
Love this cardigan as a wardrobe staple to quickly throw on  especially over dresses (but also anything). it drapes beautifully  and i love the button closure detail. it is definitely a thin  soft  light-weight knit  but i think that makes it practical for year-round use  much like other items by bordeaux.
I had this dress in my basket for a long tiem waiting for free shipping. i liekd how it looked on the model. read the reviews  and wasn't sure  so waited... then my usual size sold out  so i decided ot try the smaller size (in petites  otherwsie i would have gotten it in the store :_)) i needed pettie and the smaller size is perfect! the color says black  but it looks more mifnight (aka blue)  my friend even said (when i tried it on)  you know i laways love anything blue... so don't expect dark
This shirt looks nothing like the fit in the pictures. it is short and very wide. i had read the previous reviews and thought i could take it in on the sides some but it is literally the shape of a trapezoid.
If you have muscular thighs  like me  these won't fit well. i'm usually a size 8-fitted/10-relaxed  i bought these in a large and the shins were the most relaxed part. had to return for not fitting well. but the quality of the product was nice.
I wanted to love this jacket. so soft and great color. unfortunately it is just too light weight. it is almost like shirt fabric. nice heft to the fabric though. nice length - accept the sleeves were short on me. i am 5'10 and 135lbs. the small was the right size. i was looking for something slightly warmer to layer.
If you happen to get a size that fits you  you will love these leggings. they are true to size when the quality control works. i got 2 pair  both in size 28 - one fits perfectly and the other fits like my mothers high waisted jeans! the material is very soft and comfortable. also  not sure who named these colors  but the grey is really light purple and the dark grey is dark purple.
I would never have noticed this from the product shot  it was on the one of a kind rack at my store. the open work that shows off your bralette or a cami is sexy and it has just the right amount of slouch. super comfy. i loved it. bought a medium.
This could have been an amazing chemise but it is too short even for bed- perhaps it could be used for a tank. i am 5'3 but do have a long torso. it did not fully cover my booty.
I have an hourglass shape  so this skirt is winner for me. classic a-line fit but with a modern hem. it's subtly shiny  very stylish  and comfortable. paired with a tight shirt and heels it looks extremely sexy. a sale price makes it all the sweeter.
This skirt arrived today and i love it. the fabric is substantial and can be worn in the fall and maybe even on a mild california winter day. i plan on wearing it with tights and/or boots. the fabric will go with a variety of colored tops and sweaters. it's not "pull on styling". it has a side zipper. fits true to size  but is longer on me than the model  but then i am pretty short. got this on sale!!
I was so excited to try this on in the store  because i've had my eye on it online. unfortunately  it is not like the picture. the material is very thin  almost translucent. i also could not figure out how it get it on! the cape has short sleeves  not long  as it appears in the picture  and the folds of fabric would not drape quite right in the front. love the look of black design on white. hopefully retailer can redo this in a thicker cape for the fall  but for now  i'll skip this one.
These are a great casual pants with a lot of style. my major disappointment comes from the inconsistent sizing within the size runs. i purchased a 29 in store which fit i then ordered another 29 online which did not fit  there is at least an inch difference please see photos. i then ordered a 30 online to see if that would be better and there's over 2 inches of difference within the same size run of the 30s.    who is making these pants? can't they get the pants to be the same size within the sa
This is so close to perfect  but there's a seam down the middle of the back and they didn't bother to match the polka dots. you can see the mismatch in the second photo. i was about to buy the jacket  and totally in love  when i turned and saw the error. i hoped it was one bad match  but nope  on every one. couldn't unsee  didn't buy. very disappointed.
There were no reviews when i ordered this tunic so nothing to help gauge fit. it is very cute but the fit is strange - very narrow in the shoulders and chest.
I purchased this in the light red  and love it!!! this top is so incredibly soft and ridiculously comfortable.  definitely worth buying.  the material is high quality and can easily shift from season to season.  wear alone with shorts and wedges for summer or put it over a long sleeve top   or even a holding horses jean shirt with a pair of black leggings and boots for fall.    absolutely love the softness and the consistency of the fabric.
I am all for a cute flowy tee but this one felt like i was swimming a bit. if you're a true xs  i'd skip this one. however  if you are able to size down i think it would look really great!
I'm curvy on the bottom  and i think this is quite flattering for curves. i'd definitely advise sizing up on this one. because it's flared  i can wear it higher up on my waist. but that's not ideal  and i think a bigger size will fit better. it's a very lightweight fabric and does wrinkle easily. the color i got was a faded denim blue. this is a lot lighter than what i'd call "dark denim".
As soon as i saw this dress  i knew i had to have it. i just tried it on and it is beautiful. i feel gorgeous and glamorous! i can't wait to wear this to a special event as it truly deserves that attention.  the silk is soft and the slip underneath is perfect. the tie in the back perfectly cinches the dress and the pleating is a wonderful detail to the look.  i am 5'0"  110  and i purchased the small petite. it's slightly big around the armholes and it kind of poofs / puckers out so i'm going to
I got the dark blue print which is a really pretty pattern. the fabric has a nice crinkly feel and the cut is very forgiving. i thought from the pictures it would be more of a traditional button down with straight lines. it actually is a looser fit but without the trapeze shape of some "swing" tops which i have found to be less flattering for those of us who are curvier on the bottom half. it's comfortable and flattering  could be tucked in or worn out and likewise dressed up or worn casually wi
I just received this top and love it. the fabric is soft and comfy. it is just as pictured  no surprises. lace-up fronts are a hot item for spring. for reference  i am 5'7 and weigh #127. the xs fits perfectly.
This runs really big. i usually wear s or m so i got a small but i need the xs in this top and it is sold out. i don't have a store close by (about an hour away) and i hate paying shipping for returns! i will either have to plan a trip to the store or try to exchange for size over the phone. i debated keeping the small but it is really too big .... i love the style though!
Great material  and i like the idea of a scoop / v neck combination. but the hem rolls up  making it impossible to wear not tucked in to pants or a skirt (and even there it's a little bulky). it's possible that ordering a size up would fix the problem.
Never thought i would buy a jumpsuit  but this one is gorgeous. i put true to size. i ordered a m and a l. i kept the l because i like the looser fit. weigh 150# and am 5' 6 1/2" tall. i carry any extra weight at my waist and the l just looked better. i almost always wear a m in retailer clothes. love the feel of it and the way it looks on me. really looking forward to wearing it. on sale it is a great buy.
I didn't hate it  but i don't love it. i purchased it in 2 colors b/c i thought i'd fall in love. it is just ok. maybe it's b/c i have a larger chest  but i felt like it was too small in the chest area and too loose elsewhere. not the maxi fit i normally go for. however  the material is great and it's a simple sunday dress to lounge around in and run errands comfortably.
Great material. a bit loose in the middle / lower half. doesn't belt well. it could be 3" shorter  considering alterations. i'm 5'7" the model is 5'10"  so yeah 3" shorter would be cute!
This tee has a loose fit. very comfortable. covers my backside with inches to spare. flattering fit although oversized. i'm a small-medium in most retailer tops. the small fit me nicely. 34dd 140lbs 5'6. bought it in olive and mustard. great for layering or weekends.
This dress is like a piece of art. absolutely beautiful on. i wore it to a charity event and received several compliments. it's just so gorgeously different!
Very cute and great fit. i removed the belt (it's removable) for a different look.
This dress is made very well and can be dressed up or down! it can be worn with open toe wedges in spring and summer and cute booties in the fall.
I love this top  but i washed it once  in cold water  and hung it dry. it shrunk just enough that it's now too tight around the bust and gaps open up between buttons there. so disappointing! i will have to send it back.
Loved the colors but the fit was less to be desired. very wide under arms & too much material. looks more like a maternity dress. i ordered a small petite & would have needed the xs but now it is no longer available. oh well. returning this.
This top is lovely but also a little bit itchy. the detail around the neck is beautiful but it's very annoying. i can't decide if i will keep it or not.
The shirt design is very nice  but it fits very loose. it will not look good if you are heavier as this shirt will make you look wider because of the baggy fit. the sleeves though are fitted and feel a little tight. the material of the sleeves also is very itchy and feels like some wool material.
I bought this online in my usual size (petite xxs) for in-store pickup. when i tried it on  the kindest word to describe it would be "voluminous"--it was at least 2 sizes too big on me. i looked like i had taken grandma's tablecloth and constructed a homemade blouse. the blouse comes with an attached cami  which was also way too big for me. the color is not white (as described)  but rather an ivory/cream color--definitely not the best shade for my light olive skin. i do think that it looks lovel
I was drawn to these pants because i loved the color and pattern  but i was sure they would be difficult to pull off. i tried them on and loved them! they will be perfect summer pants because they're so light and not clingy at all. the material is great. these will also be really fun to wear at the beach. i could stand for them to be about an inch longer  but the wide waistband is super flattering and versatile so i just wear them closer to the hip for the extra length. definitely worth trying o
I love this suit! the pattern is just lovely. unfortunately i have to return the suit because i can't wear it. there are no cups or pads or underwire for the chest. you have to look like the model wearing the suit to wear this. if you need any support than give up. who can wear an xl and not have some breasts at all? the neckline is also very low and ended up revealing the top half of my breasts.    the birds of paradise are just lovely  not exactly the same on every suit  but still nice. i just
Cute socks  very comfy as well. good quality in person.
I couldn't wait to get this top in the mail since they didn't have it at my local retailer  but i was so disappointed in both the quality and fit. the white is completely see-thru  i can't believe how sheer the material is - especially for the price. even as the shirt is lying down  i can see through both layers of it... the fit runs small  and short.
This romper is extremely well made and the colors are even more beautiful in person.  however  i found it to run extremely short in the torso.  i couldn't get my arms through the sleeves after stepping into it without ripping the garment.  for reference i'm 5'9 with a slightly longer than average torso.  i ordered my normal size m.
This looks so gorgeous on the model on the site  so i ordered it online. it was incredibly frumpy when i tried it on. looks like i took a floor rug  cut a hole in the middle and slipped it over my head. the sweater itself is so pretty  its just too bad it falls so awkwardly on me. i normally wear a small so i ordered the xs/s and the sleeves still fall past my thumbs. its kind of itchy too. will be returning this asap.
They were too small for me. i loved them other than that.
Pretty! can't wait to wear this in the fall. design is understated yet pretty. nice poncho:swing style. haven't worn it yet so i can't rate the durability or wash experience yet. glad i got this on sale!
As other reviewers have pointed out  the bum is not flattering. the pockets are wide and the fit sort of flattens you out. bummer. literally. too bad  i wanted these to work more than then coh's parker cropped. the coh's win. my wallet loses.
Ordered this dress and still haven't recieved it  but went to my local store today and tried it on in the size i ordered. it was too big. and now i can't get it in my size. so that stinks! quality was good and the dress was comfortable with stretch. i know in going to have to return it once it comes!
I really am happy with this purchase! i am only 5'1 and this will be a perfect dress for me  the cuts hit at just the right spot!
I really like the sundry brand. however. this is thin and to me out of character for an retailer tee. it look adorable in picture. however the coloring is way off. the navy is almost black it's so dark and the kaki stripe is a green. it's nothing like i had hoped it would be. fabric in very thin and more like a pajama top. so disappointed. it will go back. i do not make it a habit to bash a product. however with tax  shipping and 83.00 price tag. 103.11 is absolutely terrible.
I bought both of these tees and they are perfect under my new fringe denim cloth & stone shirt and dress ....had to have both! the gray tee is so cute has every color of all my pilcro chinos...what a bonus. looks too cute paired with the denim shirts and is a great fall transition. i dressed up the cowboy tee with a chunky green stone necklace. i bought the small and for reference am 5'3" and 32h bra size and have no pulling so they are tts and only slightly shaped which works perfect for us bus
Good reason to read reviews. i concur with others in that it fins large and looks boxy. heavy fabric makes matters worse.
This is beautiful and the leather metallic circles are sewn on really well  i checked a bunch of them because initially that was my concern that one would get caught on someone's clothes. the 6 fits perfect (5'9 and 140 lbs). goes really well with the dark denim shirt that they displayed in store. definitely a fun piece for the holiday season.
This dress is fantastic! it's super flattering and very versatile. for reference  i am 5'4" and 155 lbs  and usually a size 8 - 10 in retailer dresses. the size medium fit perfectly. highly recommend this item!
Love these new jeans. they fit perfect and are extremely flattering. they look great with a crop style top and flats!
Tried small and medium and both were quite tight on the bottom. top is perfect. will return the bottoms and try the large.
Too big and it's not secure enough to wear for swimming.
I love cloth and stone and the softness and prettiness of this fabric did not disappoint. this is not a dress  however. it is a long shirt. the sides were so short the you could see where my bum and hamstrings came together. leggings would ruin the look and as a shirt it would be totally impractical. for reference i am 5'8" and 130 lbs. the small was the correct size  save for the length.
I tried this in my normal sp. i found it to run a little snug  but the neckline was way too low for every-day wear.
I am wearing a large in the photos and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40.
I love the design of this tunic. it is sewn well  but the fabric is cheap. i disliked the texture of the fabric so much that i returned it.
So pretty. 5'4" 115 lbs and the xs fits perfectly.
Love the tegan tunic version of this dress. i assumed since it looked identical except for the length that the sizing was the same but i was wrong. this runs so big! i got a s in the tegan but the s in this dress looked like an oversized potato sack on. i highly recommend ordering at least 2 sizes down unless you want to look tent-y.
I love this sweater coat! the buttons make it more structured and practical when the weather is cool.  the colors are even nicer in person; the neutral yellow is sure to compliment a lot.  you would be disappointed with this purchase.
I'd hoped these would be cozy and warm. the fabric is thin and slinky. it grabs and emphasizes every bump and roll. couldn't wait to get them off. just horrible. and that price is very steep. can't recommend.
This style is right up my alley and i was excited to receive it. however  it is seriously overpriced. i ordered the white and the material is thin and see-through. the small was even a bit roomy (5'7"  140lbs  32dd). going back unfortunately.
I liked the simple styling of these jeans when i saw them in the store. the price is right considering what some jeans cost today. unfortunately  these are made in china. that bummed me out. they run a tad bit small but in the end i think they are more true to size because they give especially in the waist. the higher waist is a nice change. it's nice to be able to skip a belt. the denim is a bit rough after air drying so i hope it softens up.
I really wanted to like this top  but couldn't seem to find the right fit. i tried it on in 3 different sizes and none of them were right - they were either too wide in the hips  or a little narrow in the shoulder. it is cute overall though - and a good way to do a short top  without feeling like you're in a "crop top"
I totally agree with the first review. i thought this was soooo cute on the model  but it's loose fitting and has no shape to it.
This dress is so flattering and comfortable. i got the green which is not too green. this is the perfect dress for a spring day and can be dressed up or dressed down.
It's a lovely pattern on a soft tee. the fit is similar to how it looks on the model  not clingy at all. it should be noted that it's fairly see-through. if i wear a bra that's close to skin color it's not an issue  but it is obvious if you're wearing any kind of patterned or contrasting bra. i suppose you could wear a cami underneath  but it's too hot for that in florida and i think it defeats the purpose of a t-shirt. overall  i'm very happy with this  though i'm also very very happy i got thi
I really liked the look of this top online  but when it came i had a couple of issues with it. first  when i tried it on i found the underarms to be a little snug (i normally wear a 10/m  and that's what i ordered). it makes raising my arms tough  and as a teacher  i need to be able to lift my arms above my waist. secondly  my husband's first reaction was that it "looks like pajamas." the abstract floral/stripe gets a little lost.  on the other hand  the color palette is very pretty and the qual
I saw the two star review and wanted to share my opinion. i saw this item that had been returned to a store and i love it. the fabric is a bit sheer and i think will require a nude tank underneath  but i think it's adorable. don't be scared away by the review below!
Looked good in pictures. i even ordered an xxs petite and it was huge! although the sweater has interesting textures and is very beautiful  it is very awkward and poor fit. will be sending back.
Note: the inseam runs a little longer than stated above. if you are truly a 29" inseam  you may want to get the petite size. i purchased the petite small  my inseam is 27"  and the trousers hit the ground in stocking feet. however  the length can be changed depending on where you wear/place them on your hip. i've worn these trousers at home and around town with ease. they are a wonderful cold weather  go-to wardrobe staple. i wear a nylon trouser "slip" with them to prolong the need for cleaning
I loved the design of this blouse and ordered it the first day it was available. unfortunately  i was disappointed on arrival. besides being more muted color-wise  the sizing is way off. i ordered the xxsp and it was huge on me. on the model  it looks like it skims the body  when in reality  it falls like a tent. i tried tucking it into a skirt  but there was just too much fabric.    though the neck worked for me  i can see how it might be too small for some people as it is very narrow. also  it
Looks great! it is more off white/tan then white though
I ordered the pink  and it was gorgeous. the color and feel were so soft  i would have kept it if it were a blanket. but i did send it back because as a sweater  it just didn't lay right. it has a sort of inside layer that just didn't fit right with the outside sweater layer  so it ended up puffing up on the sides at the waist. that was not flattering. and the hood was too large and floppy looking. too bad.
This is so much better than wearing a grey sweatshirt. i love it and it makes me feel pretty.
I purchased the blue with white dots. the shape was awful  but looked like a sack - returned
Luckily i bought this on sale... i now see the instructions online say to hand wash  but i bought mine in the store. the instructions on the tag said to wash delicate in cold water and tumble dry. i washed it in cold water and it shrunk to doll size.
The design is beautiful but it was thick and too warm for a summer event i was planning on wearing it to.  also  the seam below the chest was uncomfortable.  needed to return
Beautiful dress appears well-made  but unfortunately i wasn't able to get it on! about 6 inch gap in the zipper over chest area. first time i've ever sent something back to retailer for not fitting.
I so loved the look of this top and most of the reviews seemed really good. i thought the material was great and i ordered the blue which is a beautiful color....but......the fit was way off and the design is way off for a girl with hips. first the fit  the arm pits are low and don't actually tuck into where your armpits are  so you have this weird restriction in arm movement. then the design is not great either (and others mentioned this)  the sweater at the bottom has way too much extra materi
This coat is a classic! i would wear it every day if it wasn't so distinct. very comfortable  flattering  and stylish.
I loved this dress  i usually wear a petite but went with regular based on the reviews. i workout and it was snug on my arms.. fabric felt great  loved the fringe.. just a but snug in the arms for me.
I really love this top  but am afraid i may need to return it  because the fabric is so delicate that little snags began to show up within hours of wearing it  and they show really badly as black spots  because the fabric is made with light and dark delicate threads. it feels so good on though! you must be super careful with it. i have no idea how the little snags even got there!
Strapless dresses can be so flattering so when i saw this on retailer i had to order it! this dress did not disappoint. for reference i ordered a size 4 and i am 5'5"  135 lbs  34b chest. in the chest area it fits perfectly  while the ribcage area is a little snug  but not uncomfortably so. the pockets are great. the denim quality is great. and i like the frayed bottom of dress. i got compliments straight away on the beauty of the dress from two men. which i thought was quite interesting because i
Love love love this turtleneck! it's soft and cozy  and i've already reached for it on several chilly days. it definitely runs large. i sized down and it still has an oversized  swingy shape.
Its just ok. the bodice is fitted and this dress runs tts. it does have a little more poof on the skirt part of the dress than it looks on the model. at this point in my life when i buy a dress i have to say right away "i love it" and i just didn't. my husband looked and said it is just a "blah" color on me. so that maybe part of it. the fabric is nice  doesn't seem inexpensive and the lining is soft and falls nicely underneath the lace. i am 5'(" and the dress does fall exactly as it is shown o
I'm 5'7"  130 lbs. i ordered a medium-regular. the dress fell three inches above my knees. this model is taller than i am  and it falls to her knees....doesn't make sense. i think retailer sends petites in place of regular.
This is a cute item at a good price point  though the lack of lining in cartonnier items drives me batty. unfortunately  the wool is so itchy i could not tolerate it more than a second.
I love everything by cloth & stone so was excited to see that they made a dress. hooray! i ordered it in the xl  which is my usual size in their shirts. when i tried it on i was so sad to see that it barely fit around my tummy and hips! i am a true size 12/14 and the xl just barely gave me enough room to move. my chest also caused the dreaded "button gape." it is clear that they cut the dress for people with a stick straight figure. so disappointing!!
Loved everything about this sweater but the short length.  didn't notice in the pictures but the last one of the back of the model shows the length. it barely reached the very top of my jeans so would have to wear something under or i'd be flashing my stomach all the time.  worked a bit better with skirts  but still too cropped for my frame. wish it was 1-2" longer in length and would have been a new fall favorite. really great color and design besides that. just make sure you are wanting the sh
I love the colors in this top  but i returned it for a few reasons.  the material is extremely fragile; with small kids i knew this would be snagged all over after my first day of wearing it.  my other issue was that it came to just below my belt on me.  i was under the impression from the photo that it was more of a tunic style top.  i'm 5'6 and it just didn't look that way on me.
This dress is adorable and well made. this brand runs on the large side. i ordered an xs and the tag says 'p" on it. it's not petite. it ran large through the hips and will need alteration. i'm keeping it because it is really cute and is well made. the material is knit and soft - very comfortable. i'm surprised nobody has reviewed this item. i probably will not buy this brand again only because it runs large.
The denim is soft and very comfortable  the color also is very dark and goes well with most anything. the style is 'oversized' for baggy look and for that reason the sides of the over-alls gape open requiring a long top. i usually wear a size 4 in citizen jeans  and ordered small in the overalls and had to return for an xs. i do recommend for comfort and fun. they look great with booties or flats and hit just at the ankle.
I loved this dress...until i washed it. the label says machine wash cold and lay flat to dry...which i did (washed on delicate). now it's not the same dress. it's too short and not as soft and i feel so much differently about it. i wish the label would just instruct to dry clean  i would pay the extra expense to still have the dress i loved. just kind of annoyed. so it's an awesome dress  just be prepared to dry clean it or risk shrinkage if you wash it.
I was able to get this on sale. when it arrived  it was missing half of the rhinestones. i am very surprised that this top would be sent out this way. it also was missing the little bag with extra stones. i'm reaching out and wondering if anyone else has experienced this and is there a store that sells rhinestones like the one on the blouse? any help from anyone would be appreciated. i hate to part with this  but where was quality control?
I wanted to love this top  but had 2 major problems with it. first  it's not for short girls. i'm only 5' tall and it was a total mess on me proportion wise. the sleeves were way too long and the seam where the sweater and peplum meet hit right in the middle of my butt  which was terribly unflattering. second  the grey fabric was very thin and kinda cheap looking. no regrets on returning this one.
I tried this on at the store in black. the lace on the back is gorgeous and the fabric is very soft  but i would disagree with the previous reviews - i don't think this is flattering on all body types. i've got an hourglass figure and the top absolutely robs you of a waist. it drapes straight down on the front  so if you have a larger chest  you end up looking like a football player.  i think for a narrow frame or a smaller chest  this would be very flattering.
Love this vest!. it does run large so definitely size down. i'm 5'0  110 lbs and i ordered the xs which is roomy around the mid section but i think that's the style as the shoulders hit where they should. it is such a fun and unique piece. i cannot wait to wear it with tights or black leggings with boots.
The color and embellishment of this top are beautiful. this would look great on anyone super lean  otherwise you just look really wide as there is no frame in the torso of this top at all. the back picture shows it well. i am 5'9  142 lbs and i ordered the small and medium and both were huge! with regrets going back.
I was very disappointed with my recent retailer order. i ordered the meleri eyelet tank and it had a stain on the front. i also order a dress that came with a tear in the fabric. sale items should not be damaged unless the customer is aware of the damage and accepts it in that condition. very disappointing.
I ordered these with high hopes. i have 2 other pairs of joggers by a different brand that i adore. i was disappointed. the fabric isn't soft as i expected. the pants pucker out strangely under the waist band  but this might be due to folding while packaged. i tried these on several times - wanting to like them but just couldn't. i am returning them. the colors are beautiful - especially the bands on the bottom. they seem made well. it might just be that i am between sizes. i am 5'4"  115. i tri
This dress is really good quality and the beading is adorable. but  the sleeves combined with the maxi skirt made me look like i was a sister wife and not in a $250 dress. i still gave it four stars though  because i am having it hemmed to above the knee because i like the top part so much. i ordered the 00p  am 5'1 110 lbs and the waist fit perfect  the skirt was about three inches above my ankles. perhaps someone with a more boho style might find the length of the skirt cute but i just found i
I purchased this in the red & love the fabric and overall design of the top. i have returned it for a larger size. it is very small through the chest. hopefully  a larger size will give me more room though the chest without being too large in the rest of the shirt. i'm a 34 c and ordered a size 6 for reference.
As the other reviewer said  this top is pretty short. nice design but i wish it was a little longer  and i am short... i tried on xxs regular  xs petite and xs regular.    xxs was closest to flattering around the top part (shoulders  cehst)  but stil la bit short. the petite was jsut too short and xs regular  a bit longer  but a little loose... os hte fit jsut ddind't work. i may wait for sale on this  but probably something beter wil lcome along.    great for those who want to show their assets
This top really is lovely. i had high hopes of it looking smashing with black jeans. i wash everything before i wear it. though this garment says it needs to be dry cleaned  there was nothing so delicate about the fabric that it had to be dry cleaned. so i hand washed it with delicate soap. when the lighter colors came into contact with the black  the black immediately stained the light color. i tried putting some stain remover on the black stains  rinsed and hung it above my bath tub. it is cur
It has been a long cold winter and spring...but it is going to get hot!  and this is a perfect dress for july.  i tried this on and did not feel the need for a slip or a cami  yes  it is lightweight  no  i would not consider it for work  but when it gets hot in the summer  i feel like this will be a perfect slip on and go dress for days or casual evenings.  i wear a 12  and the medium fit perfectly  i considered ordering the small  since i had some extra space  but again  it is going to get hot 
This top is very sweet and looks lovely on the model. it was not flattering for my larger bust  with the inverted pleat opening at my bustline and spreading out over my waist. the quality is nice  the fit in the shoulders is snug. the length is a bit short for me  but it may lay better on a different body type.
I loved this top when i saw it online  and ordered it right away. however  the fit is way off. i am always a size medium. always. but i was swimming in this and had to return it. even if it had fit  i wasn't thrilled with it. i thought it would be something i could dress up  especially with the lace detail  but instead it looked really frumpy. i would recommend this top as long as you know to order a smaller size and are looking for something a little more casual.
I wasn't sure what to expect with these pants. i couldn't figure out from the pictures what the material would actually be like. is it jersey? is it french terry? is it more traditional sweatshirt-type material? nope  turns out  they're like wearing pants made out of a fuzzy  flecked sweater. or like the thickest  loosest sweater-knit tights ever. surprise! they are the strangest pants i've ever owned  for sure  but i actually really like them. they're super comfortable and cozy warm. slightly i
I was a little skeptical about this one at first. i have a hard time with the over all styling of many maxi dresses. i liked the print and figured i would give this a whirl. it is beautiful! looks great on and i love the fabric!! so happy i picked this one up.
Due to the black sheath being out of stock in all sizes (for quite some time)  i took my chances ordering an 8p in navy which was way too big on me. i also didnt love the navy. i wish i could try the 6 or 6p in black but out of stock and wouldn't arrive in time for my events. sadly returning.
I bought this scarf/dress for 20% off on mother's day weekend. i really like how it looks and can be worn over a bathing suit or just as a dress  but it is not worth the money. it is poor quality  a scarf stitched together with an attached chord that you tie around your neck. you can make this yourself or wait until it is at least 50% off the original price.
I was so excited to try this sweater on when it arrived but to my disappointment  it was overly large! i was pratically swimming in it. really love the design and the way it looks on the model. just didn't work out that way on me.
This is a lovely sweater but i wished i had ordered the xs (only the small was left).
I first have to agree with other reviewers about the quality of this sweater: the stitch is pretty  but the fabric isn't nearly as soft as i expected. it has the look and feel of a cheaper sweater. that said  the fit is pretty flattering. i didn't have any problem getting the cowl over my shoulders as pictured by the model. i've been looking for this style of sweater  so i'll probably keep it. however  it really didn't meet my expectations for quality.
There isn't a whole lot that i did like about this dress. the shoulders have large poufs  the fabric isn't very soft  and it's not flattering. maybe with a belt i could be tempted  but i wasn't too fond of the dress.
Was excited to receive this dress as i got it at a great price on sale. the colors are great and it fits pretty good  but it came without a slip!!  so disappointing to not receive the entire dress!!  hence the 2 stars. may send it back for this reason.
So comfortable  great fit  dress it up with wedges  down with flats   extremely soft and flattering. i normally wear a xs/s and the small fit perfectly. i'm 5'6" and the length is just slightly cropped.
First off: kudos to the other reviewers for setting the expectation re: the color on these! they are not a dark rinse at all - not even close. they're a light-to-medium hue with fading down the front of the thighs. with that in mind  i do like the color - especially for spring - but would have been very miffed had i ordered these and they arrived so starkly different from the online photo.  ----------  i typically wear a 27-29  depending on the brand and waist rise. these were an online return t
I actually ended up buying two of these dresses. i took the first one to the dry cleaner and they chewed up the slip and put a hole in the dress. i was so sad that i went and bought a second one before they could sell out. the good news is that it was on sale! this is an awesome light and airy dress that is great for those hot summer days. i pretty much wear it every opportunity i get. for reference i purchased the small. it's loose but the shoulders  armholes and slip all fit perfectly. i weigh
I am a loyal retailer shopper  but find many items are hit or miss. this definitely is a hit especially in black! i am 5'4" 125 lbs and 36ddd. i usually take a m or m petite in retailer tops. because this is flowy and long  a s petite fits perfectly. the style is one-of-a-kind  the lace is heavy and top quality  and when you try on the right size  it hits perfectly. the lavender is a dusty shade that won't work well in fall/winter. it would look wonderful in cranberry or forest green.
I wanted to love this romper  but it just wasted right for me. i am 5'5"  135lbs  34c  curvy/muscular frame and ordered size small. i may have liked it better with more room in the medium  decided to return. i still recommend trying this product  but it wasn't for me and my hips!
From the website picture (in particular  the gray one) this may appear to be "over-sized." i can assure you  it is not. i have to return the small i ordered on the over-size assumption  and hope the medium (my usual size) fits because it's a really nice top. the sleeves and the pattern of the weave give it good pizzazz.
I think this is the first time i've successfully purchased pants online. i normally have to try a bunch of styles and sizes on before i find the right ones. i gave it a shot with these  and bingo! they are great! they are a bit longer on me than on the model  because i am 5'3" and did not order a petite. i still like how they look  hitting just above my ankle. just the right blend of conservative and cool for lecturing in front of college undergrads.
These didn't work for me because i am too straight shaped for these jeans. try them if you have a smaller waist and curvy hips and bottom! i didn't have anything to fill out the hips and seat. for reference  i ordered size 25  and they were loose in hip and seat  but fit my waist. my hips are 34.5" and waist is 28". they are a thinner stretch denim than they appear  but not jeggings thin.
This dress is such a beautiful color and the fabric is super soft and lovely. it would be stunning on someone with a slim figure  but since i've got curves/an athletic build  it simply did not work. too bad  because it is such a pretty dress!
Great fit
The fabric and cut of the dress is beautiful.  i am writing a review so i can share my experience regarding size. i ordered the dress in size 2  my normal size for this designer. it fit ok but was a little large in the bust area. for reference  i am a 34 a. i i returned it and ordered a size 0  which fits perfectly.
The colors in this dress are beautiful (the green/blue version) but the fabric is a very see through mesh and feels flimsy. i purchased it online and wasn't expecting it to be so sheer -- the particular empire cut combined with the fabric makes it feel more like a nightgown  i really wanted to love it but it's going back.
I think you have to have stick legs/legs for days for this style to fit as pictured. i thought i had found the perfect boyfriend jean  but once these babies arrived i was really disappointed. the color is slightly brighter than the picture  which is fine  though i was digging the slightly greyed look.    anyway  these were loose in the waist and crotch and fit snugly everywhere else. i have a fairly athletic build  so it's not uncommon for me to have issues with fit around the calves and thighs 
I like the soft green color  the chino fabric and the casual vibe this dress exudes. perfect for spring and early summer. runs tts but may be snug for bustier gals. wish this had pockets.
Ordered these in two colors( moss and bronze)  same size (26). the moss fit perfectly and the bronze  i can't even button. so very frustrating  particularly when shipping fees are involved. i'm keeping the pair that fit but was hoping to have a couple pairs. perhaps i'll try on another pair in the store. its a nice lean slimming pant that will work from fall through spring. the material is a bit thick for summer. soft and a tad stretchy to allow ease of movement. looking forward to wearing with
Ok  so this is adorable. i am 5'3" and medium size and had to take this to my alterations people because i loved it so much but it fit awkwardly. the back was too long and hung funny on my short body. after it was reworked  it is the cutest thing i own. they also made the little belt tighter across my waist. it is super versatile. my alterations people ran out and bought themselves one after they saw mine. so---- if you are not a toothpick or tall know it can be amazing with a little attention.
Just recently purchased and think it's ok for the price. would never pay full on this one & that's from an retailer shopper who's purchased plenty at full price. design is cute but definitely looks like a sleep shirt esp in the lighter color  so-so on construction - the bottom seams pucker slightly  the pockets bunch up weirdly (steaming/laundering don't help) & the shoulders also hunch up oddly. could be because of the thicker fabric sewn to the knit but laundering didn't help that issue either.
The dress immediately caught my eye in the store. upon trying it on  i discovered that the slip runs extremely small (and unnecessarily so considering the looseness of the shift). the skirt is a tad long--i'm 5'6" and it hits mid-knee. it's a shame the slip was so tight--i loved the dress otherwise.
This dress is really pretty. i went with the navy  the detail on the bottom is very detailed. it does run very large. i went down two sizes. there is a lot of material and my size made me look like a tent. once i sized down  it was much more flattering and nice. couple details:  the slip is strechable and may have to be fitted if you size down  but you can't see it since it's lose on the outer layer. also  you need a different bra since the cut is cloer to the neck revealing the bra straps. i am
I bought this dress online because it looked interesting and on sale for $30 why not. i think it looks unassuming on the hanger but on it is fantastic. i am 5' 3"  150 pounds  34d and the 8 fit me perfectly. it accentuates the curves without revealing anything. will be perfect for fall/winter but am going to wear it to a wedding in june where the bride is a vintage loving person so i think with the right shoes and jewelry it will be perfect.
This is my third pair of these pants. they are my everyday staple  good for work or play
These shorts were exactly as expected. they are nice thin shorts perfect for a hot summer in texas. i have just worn a few times out running errands in high 90 degree weather and they were perfect. i bought the grey and they are a nice change from jean shorts  but still match just about any top. i typically wear a size 0  but after reading the reviews purchased a size 2  so i would say they run a little small. they are slightly snug in the waist  but i ordered online and liked them enough to kee
This is a sweet top as it is shown. on the model it appears there is a panel behind the lace on the front of the top. this is not so-the entire front of the top is see through. one would need to wear a camisole. the material on the blouse is very sheer-it appears to be rather cheap actually. if you are wearing a top this sheer it does not make sense to have a camisole on underneath. that said you are going to be able to see your bra and skin down to your belly button if you do not have a camisol
I was so excited to buy it online  but it come in a small plastic bag  and lot of pieces are missing on the one i got  so i had to return it
Just received pants and even though they are labeled "petite" they are not. the inseam is 28 for a waist size 26  which is not what the description states.
I bought this tank in the blue popsicle print  and i think it's cuter in person than it is online. the beautiful pastel colors on the popsicles really stand out and make it special. i am normally a size 4-6  and the small fits me perfectly. also  i appreciate that it's lined. i wore it with skinnies  and received lots of compliments. it's the perfect tank for summer!
Horrible fit not true to size again aline outside of the dress and a very tight camisole underneath
Guess i should've looked at the pictures more closely. i ordered the white version and in the pictures you can't see that the sleeves are split - and it barely shows in the picture for the blue version. it also would've helped if the detail of the sleeves were noted in the item description. anyway  i will be returning this top because i don't like the way the sleeves look each time i bend my arms. looks a bit pirate-like to me.
Fit great - maybe a bit large....i bought a l (typically i go between a large and extra large) and there is room to put a thick sweater on underneath it.  this goes with just about everything!
This looked like such a cute  casual skirt when i picked it up but like other reviewers have said  it runs small. i'm usually a xs in retailer skirts but they only had a small to try on. i was able to get it on but did notice it was snug pulling on past my hips. however once on  i couldn't figure out how i'd wear this. i wouldn't pair this with a flowy top but tucking something in didn't seem like a good idea either. between the pleats and elastic waist it will make almost anyone look like they ha
The arm slits are actually subtle  and don't gape open. the chiffon type pleats are lovely  but the cotton material they overlay appears cheap and isn't dressy enough for my work.
These pants fit great  are soft  comfy  and flattering. i'm 5'7" and the length is perfect in a medium. they wash well.
A great skinny jean  these grey beauties are flattering and light weight. they fit true to size  but seems a bit on the long side  bunching oddly at the ankle when wearing them with booties. hopefully they hold up to some heavy wear.
It is a very pretty bra. light weight and beautiful lace. however  i have yet to find a t-back that does not make me feel like i am going to spill out. to me it ran small. i now know to get a 34 instead. i am working on losing weight  perhaps that might help with the fit?
I'm not a big fan of rompers but love this one. it is very flattering and comfortable. i love that you can dress it up with some heels and accessorizes or more casual with flats.
I'm 5'10" and felt that it was just too short. otherwise - love it!
I ordered bought a medium for a comfortable fit. the material is stretchy  so size down for a body - hugging fit.
Disappointed in the quality of the dress. love the style and especially the colors. the fabric of the body of the dress is very very thin and just poorly made. the top bodice is more substantial. not worth the price tag of $148.00. dress does run short.
Bought the blue/gray - love the color. just the right amount of cling. adorable alone or under cardigan. super deal on sale.
The dress is beautiful  i wanted to like it and could hardly wait to reveive it. it fits beautifully  and snug except around the arms where it is huge. i could only wear it with a tshirt underneat.
I was worried at first that the metal leaves would come off easily. i was pleasantly surprised after a day at disneyland  i don't think i lost even one of them. this dress is super fancy but very comfy.
Such a pretty little sweater  gorgeous detail. i wish it were a bit longer  it was too boxy for my large chest. otherwise it fits tts. i wanted to lie inside of it and take a nap. so comfortable. please make more sweaters in this knit!
I ordered this dress in a xs petite. i am 5'0" 105 lbs. the plaid looks more drab in person and the fit was very frumpy. the wrap style is typically flattering but on this dress  the dress tied above my natural waist and the fit made my hips appear larger. i was pretty disappointed in this little number and will be sending it back. it might work on taller people  like the model  but i would steer clear if you are a petite.
I really wanted to love this top the material and pattern are lovely but the fit is strange. it looks like a maternity top on me and as another reviewer said it is right across the back but loose at arms and midsection. for the price i returned it.
This dress seems quite high quality and is wonderfully designed  except in the chest. the wrap style hugs in all the right places but the chest. i'm slightly large chested (34c/d) but can usually wear a size small or size 4 in dresses and tops (5'5"  122 lbs). the small in this dress was great everywhere else  but i couldn't breathe and it totally flattened out my chest. also  it is quite low cut  so another mark against it for anyone with a semi-large bust. couldn't wear it to work that reason
The reviews are accurate that have already been said about the material and size. i usually wear a size 2 and i bought a size 4. it fits perfectly. the blouse is very sheer  but if you wear a neutral colored bra  it should be fine. i like the flow and cut of this blouse
After being tentative to splurge on skinny jeans (i've always been a small flare jean-girl)  i am thrilled to say i love these jeans. the rise is perfect in that it "holds in" anything you want "held in" and makes a slim shirt look even better. i have worn them with booties and regular boots alike and have no complaints. i was unsure of the jean's claim to not stretch out but have been pleasantly surprised at how they have kept their shape...even after sitting for many hours at a time. wash cold
I am in love with these. bought the regular length last year and loved them despite the shortness (hit right above the ankle). that length looks good with ballet flats or tucked into boots. this year i bought the burgundy and the teal in the long length. i am 5'7" and the long fit perfectly! they come to the bottom of my ankle without extra fabric.   please restock the "carbon" in the long length! i want to buy my 4th pair!
Love this dress! paid full price and completely worth it. fit tts for me- i'm 5'8" 135 lbs.  with a slim upper body so i had no issues with the neck being tight. definitely would be braless or need a strapless bra. gorgeous material  light and breezy dress. best retailer purchase in a long time!
I always go w/ black  but deviated this time & so glad i did! quality fabric  not sheer at all. a great layering piece and new staple for the wardrobe. fits tts  sm (i'm 5'2"  109lbs)
I was really hopeful that this top would work on me because it is so cute online. however  i was very disappointed when i finally received it. the sleeves look soft and snuggy in the picture but are actually a bit stiff and scratchy in person. i could almost get over the sleeves  but the white part of the shirt was horrible. i am 5'10 and a size 6. i wear a size small at retailer  and i got a small in this top. the bottom of the shirt was a tad short on me and hit just below my belt line-- which i
This pretty bohemian dress is murdered by the horrible rayon fabric with metallic thread that feels like little needles pricking my skin. i have a pretty high itch tolerance as wool doesn't bother me too much. i'm not sure how most of the reviewers are tolerating this dress  even with the slip  which doesn't cover the arms and makes me want to tear this dress off. i decided to keep and wear as an autumn/winter dress in which i will remove the slip  wear a deep scoop neck long sleeve top undernea
I wanted to love this dress  but sadly i will be returning. the color looked fairly different in person than on the model. i thought it was a browner/neutral hue  but the dress is almost like a yellow seersucker-ish with brownish moth printing. was cuter than expected! the sweetheart neckline is darling  but that is where it fit me poorly. i have a 34c bust  and the cups of the size 4 were gaping on me in the front and all along the arm holes. the straps were also way too long and falling off my
Love the color of this shirt! i wear it under a brown leather jacket i purchased  in store!
This jacket is cute and comfy!
I was on the fence about ordering this jacket  but i'm so glad i did. i got my birthday discount to help afford it. as the first reviewer said  the weight is substantial  but not too heavy  and the embroidery is beautiful! i have not worn this jacket yet  but i expect to get many compliments when i do! i usually don't wear jackets in this style  so it's a fresh  new approach for me....the embroidery takes it to the next level! it fits true to size. i usually take a medium  and the medium fits pe
The dress is lovely. my only knock on it is i didn't really feel like the top and the skirt matched in terms of level of dress. i guess the top just wasn't "fancy" enough for me. but it is a very beautiful skirt. i wish it was in a tea length. the fit was spot on.
Got them in the light blue. i'm 5'0" so they're a little long. i like the texture and they are really comfortable! the only thing is the awkward seams around the crotch area so you really can't wear them alone with a cropped tee or shorter top.
Disappointed  the cut of the layer makes anyone wearing it look pregnant. even the model in the picture the way that layer hangs.
I found this at my local retailer. it is a beautiful unique sweater. it fits nicely a bit longer in the back and a tad loose on the bottom. i've gotten loads of compliments as it's truly special. i'm not sure why it's not sold out yet!
I love this dress and bought it in the store in the orange  without trying it on as i usually wear a 12 in this brand.  the over-dress is beautiful  however the under-slip is very tight and is apparently made for some one who has no bust at all.  i am so sad and am considering returning it or re-sewing the slip in some way so that it fits.  not sure what to do. don't want to spoil the color combo by wearing something different underneath  but it is so sheer you need something.
Just recd the neutral & navy in the size s  my usual size in tops at retailer. just a heads up - it's way oversized under the arms. in the fashion world probably falls under the category of a dolman style sleeve. also the fabric is nubby like/pilled look. similar fabric is the 'warm-up pullover' that i recently saw at the store. i have a feeling this may be a new trend. if you are ok w/ the oversized underarms & nubby fabric then order up. if hesitant  wait & visit the store... i love the look of
My girlfriend and i both purchased these leggings in grey. we love the color because it goes with so many things.the problem is they do not fit the same. hers ran true to size and mine ran small. i am tempted to reorder another pair to see if they fit differently.
This top is a little more casual than i anticipated especially for the price. it is completely sheer and you do need a tank under it. also  the arm and neck makes it look more like a ordinary teeshirt. still  the lace design is super cute and would work well with both skirts and jeans.
This skirt ran short  small  and boxy. if you can get the right fit  the skirt is great quality and super cute  but i recommend trying on in store for sizing.
I really love this dress. it runs very true to size and is nice and long  but could be easily hemmed. i am 5'10' and have room for heels. the waist runs just slightly high and causes a slight flare out of the fabric at the hips but it is not a deal breaker. the cotton is super light weight and perfect for summer. some jersey fabric maxi 's can be super hot. i was surprised by the cost for the actual quality of the dress.
I ordered this after seeing the rave reviews. it is not for me. just like the culottes i ordered  this romper makes me feel like a grandma. i said i'd recommend to others bc of the other reviews but again  this was not for me. i also didn't like the back of the romper. no way i could even get away with a racerback bra b/c it's so low cut. the good though- it is super comfortable and is a nice heavy fabric. tts also. i'm a med 8/10 and the medium was correct in this.
I loved the idea of these pants as i've been looking for an updated pair of tuxedo pants. i wear 26 in most of my jeans. i'm not super skinny & consider my legs medium (not too skinny & not too athletic). i tried these on in xs (36 european as marked on them) & they were big around the waist & hip area. there was so much gap in the back which made them look frumpy! i did however liked the length. the fabric is nice & heavy which i also loved. sadly  these didn't work for me though. really wish t
Beautiful top but runs very small. based on some of the reviews that i read i ordered two sizes up from my usual size and it is still a little tight in the chest and around the ribs. i would like to exchange for the next size up but it is sold out in that size. considering how small this blouse runs it would have been nice if retailer had ordered some extra tops in larger sizes as i am sure that many people will have to size up. regardless  i love the blouse and would definitely recommend it to an
Super cute on.  i love the print and the tie detail and the fact that the tie actually tightened which makes the waste adjustable.    the slip is a tad tight  but it doesn't bother me  its stretchy so it's not uncomfortable.  i bought size xs-i usually wear a 2 in dresses.  i usually buy petite because of the length but this fell about 2" above the knee on me which is perfect for work so i didn't need the petite.  i am 5'3"  125 lbs.  i loved the soft fabric-fine for year round in southern cal.
Beautiful fall colors  perfect with work pants or jeans. i'm tall and was a little worried it would be too short  but it was a good fit.
Love this dressed up casual tshirt. perfect casual friday shirt or going out for happy hour with the girls.
I have been looking for a summer dress with a bit of a chic flair to it- i was thinking black  tank top dress. after weeks of hunting for the idea in my head  i started to branch out. i reluctantly tried this on thinking it would be 'baggish'  plain  and possibly too short. wow was i wrong!! this dress is everything + more. wear with some wedges  belt it (although it doesn't need it at all!)  layer a high neckline lace top over it  the possibilities are endless. although i loved the green  the b
I've been looking at this jacket on line and finally went to the store to try it on. i really liked the styling but the denim was quite stiff. i'd prefer a softer kind of fabric. i wonder if it would soften if it was washed. also  it ran surprisingly small. i usually take an xsmall or small but the small didn't leave me enough room to comfortably bend my arms. the medium worked better. i wonder how others feel about the fabric and and the sizing. i think i'll wait and see if this one goes on sal
This jacket was a gift for my daughter it fit like a glove and she loved it !
This is an amazing dress. beautiful fabric and color. comfortable too. it's like wearing air. sorta chameleon like because this print  literally goes with anything and looks unforgettable on. it's slimming too. i got the large and it flows so nicely over my body. the back is completely open. it closes with a tie at the neck and the waist that drapes beautifully and looks great from the side view. the fabric is a bit sheer so i ordered the white cotton slip by this designer  which is slightly snu
This top is gorgeous.  i normally wear s to m depending on brand and style.  ordered a s and it was so small i returned and have l on order.  it is cropped.  i am 5'3" and it hit me as pictured on model.  if you are tall or like longer tops this may not be for you
This is a beautiful  simple  yet feminine top. a little tight in the bust on me - so i had to size up (and i am not busty). for reference  i am 117 5'3 34b. i'm probably in between a small and x-small on this - but went with the small.
This sweater looks heavy online bit is a very thin sweater. it runs tts however if you like the short length then i'd size down. i'm 5'4  120# 34d and the xs was perfect. the sweater didn't feel too scratchy but it's not a soft sweater. very feminine.
This very lightweight cardigan looked like an eggplant color online. it's brown with a hint of burgandy. not bad  but unexpected. i am very short -waisted  and this lies very high on my torso. the seams are unfinished  and it looks cheaply made. glad i got this on sale.
This is such a beautiful top  so flattering  soft and comfortable.  it is great as a layering piece.  the colors are vibrant.  the blue is a gorgeous blue  a deep cobalt blue.  i got one in every color.
This dress is beautiful and unique but if you are more pear shaped get the correct size to fit your hips. it fits very close through the behind --but is stretchy. as i was putting it on and felt it hugging me closely  i thought it would never work - but when i looked in the mirror i found it looked quite nice even though it clings. and the stretch allows plenty of movement. if i size up to allow more room in the hips then i think it will be too loose on top. so i will just wear it with spanx. th
I was really excited to receive this dress. it's a fun concept and different from anything else i have. however  the dress was way too short on me. i'm 5 ft 6 in.  and the size medium was way too short. given the thin nature of the material  i did not feel comfortable keeping the dress  even for wearing it outside the office. i will have to return this dress.
This is a beautiful piece for the price. very well made and flattering. i'm a 34c and usually wear a size 2-4 on top and solid size 4 on bottom. a size small in this fit great. it does not provide any support up top though so be aware of that.
I am not sure who in the world could really wear this as a dress without belting it...definitely a super weird cut. extreme a-frame. the fabric is just absolutely gorgeous and it is so well made otherwise. i thought about trying to size down but it would be too small in the shoulders for sure. i am going to keep anyway. i've already worn it with jeans and a t-shirt and as a topper with a denim shirt dress. it actually looked fantastic with both. i'll get a lot of wear out of it  just not the way
This is a fantastic dress for fall  if you have specific proportions. the dress comes in s-m-l  rather than in particular dress sizes  so my assumption was that a large would fit a range of 10-12. the dress fits me well in the fitted waist (which has zero give)  but the top fits very strangely (you can even detect it on the model in the photo)  with a tightness at the clavicle  and a weird abundance of fabric above the waistband.    i will still happily wear the dress with sweaters this season 
I was so excited to receive this jumpsuit as it looks so elegant and i love the lattice back. as soon as it arrived i set about unbuttoning it to try it on. 10 minutes and 2 broken fingernails later i got done. when i tried it on i found that it fit everywhere except the bust which was much too tight and i am not a busty person. so back it goes. even if it had fit  i do not think i could have handled the hassle of those buttons. why they didn't design it with a hidden zipper on the side and kept
Cute  but didnt realize it was sweatshirt material. due to that  returning.
Beautiful and good quality dress. the pictures nor the description really show or mention the keyhole cut at the front neckline.  you really have to look very closely at the model photos to see it.  unlike the model  i have curves and this dress showed way too much cleavage for me.
I love the great variety of fabrics and textures used in these joggers - you will also!
Gorgeous details great use of materials -- yet the diagonal seam above the knee at the quadriceps cuts off the muscle and looks odd if you are the least bit muscular.
I ordered these pants in black and brick. the pattern is great  but the sizing and fit are way off. i usually wear an 8 or a medium in retailer. i ordered these pants in a 10  12  and 12 petite. the 10 actually fit  but there is no stretch in these fitted pants. they were very uncomfortable to walk or sit in. however  if you're standing up all day and not doing much moving around  these pants are perfect! the print is great in both black and brick. i couldn't decide which one i liked best. wish th
This was my favorite piece of apparel i have purchased in a very long time! fun  trendy and comfy yet dressy piece. dress it up or down based on the occasion.
Runs large. very stretchy. nice wash. mine had more holes and fraying in the legs than i expected. i returned them because i got the wrong size and smaller sizes are sold out. otherwise a cute jean and with the sale  certainly worth it.
For the last two years  i have only purchased clothing for myself if it is secondhand  but then i saw this skirt and succumbed to temptation. first of all  the print is gorgeous! i'm a sucker for blue and white anything so it wasn't that hard of a sell. as other reviewers have mentioned  the seams line up! this kind of quality is so hard to find in clothing items anymore and really makes the skirt seem much more pricey than it really is (if you're buying it on sale like i did). i'm 5'3" and will
I really like the pilcro serif style but the stet style does not work for my body. will have to return.
I loved the look of this sweater  but the workmanship was surprisingly poor. there were missed stitches  and loose threads throughout  and even a tag sewn to the outside. retailer was great about the return. i really wanted to keep it and was very disappointed.
This dress is very comfortable  not itchy at all and looks great. runs on the large side and is a tiny bit unflattering in the middle but it's still a worthwhile buy!
I wore this jumpsuit to a newport wedding and got so many compliments! i'm 5'2" 105 lbs and the 0 petite was perfect with heels.
I love this top! it is long enough for my torso and arms. i am thinking of ordering in another color.
I saw tons of people raving about this piece so i had to check it out for myself. i love the vibrant colors and the design and while the fabric is delicate it feels amazing and light. i sadly had to leave it as the store as i am a girl with a larger chest and big hips. i looked huge and it was not flattering to my shape. if this dress came in a maxi with a high waist like i would be all over it. it is beautiful.
I normally wear a medium with these types of fabrics but this one was oddly proportioned on me. the skirt was also not very flattering to my hourglass figure  but it at least fit well. the top was baggy and gaped at the armpits as stated by others. i really wanted to like this dress but it made me look 20 pounds heavier even in the places it looked too big on me. i could have tried going with a small but the skirt would have then been too short.
I just got this in the mail the other day. i was really excited and then crushed. one  buttons go all the way down and not what is in the photo. it takes it from hip whimsy to granny old lady sweater and then the minute i put it on it started pilling. it looked old and i wore it about 6 hours. i also used the roller lint remover on it and it pulled off one of the eyes on the snail. it is soft and felt comfy but look raggy and therefore it is going back. too bad but not what i bought and then not
This dress is horrible. i can't believe they can get away with calling it a "dress". it should have been called a tunic or shirt. it looks like it is a soft flowing dress made out of nice material from the pictures  no way. it is made from sweatshirt material it is lifeless and is kind of stiff. it came to the top of my thighs. i can't find one nice thing to say about this dress and i do not recommend it. the picture does it so much more justice that it is worth.
I just received these sweaters............couldn't decide which color i liked best....blue and green are my favs.  and so i ordered them both!  they are a wow !  i am totally in love with both of them.  they are sooooooooooooooo beautiful!  beyond my wildest expectations!  i wear a size 8 and ordered the size 2 and it fits perfectly......a 2 is a size medium per call to retailer before i ordered.....and 1 is small  ad 0 is extra small.  this is a bulky  cuddly winter sweater with a touch of glam w
This skirt looks/lays exactly like the photo. i bought a size small and i usually wear a size 4. it was maybe a smidge big  but nothing that affected the look of the skirt. the material reminded me of felt/wool mixed together  almost like sunday school felt cut outs (but stiffer) (not a fan).. i was underwhelmed - it looked plain and simple  and the color washed me out. definitely not worth the price (for me anyways). good luck!
I was planning to order it online but someone returned it to my local store and i tried it on.............. my regular size is 6. i have another byron lars dress size 6 that fits me like a glove. this dress fits beautifully from the waist down. the top part is very loose and at least a size too big. very disappointing. i am not sure if it is just me or this particular dress  but it was not flattering. :(
I was hoping to wear this dress for an engagement photoshoot but it fit terribly. i'm 5'0  98 lbs  32a  and have some hips/butt. this dress (ordered xxs petite) hugged my hip/butt region tightly  which made the dress ride up and balloon out around my stomach and back. there was also too much extra room in the chest  so sizing up was out of the question. there is just way too much fabric and it's very stiff with no drape or shape whatsoever. i felt like i was wearing a cardboard box. the sleeves
I loved this trench on the web site  i couldn't wait until it arrived and was even happy to pay full-price to get it! it unfortunately just didn't complement my 5'2" 135 lb curvy figure as i had hoped. it was definitely much fuller on the bottom which added unnecessary bulk. i have narrow shoulders and it was snug and uncomfortable with a simple tank top on. i hung it in my closet for a few weeks  tags intact  continuing to try it and each time it just wasn't working. it also had many stray thre
What a perfect dress! it was perfect for a black tie optional wedding. i didn't want another "black dress" but when i saw this i knew it was something special! i am 5'5 130lbs and 34dd- the size 8 fit my top better but the size 6 length was better but i decided to stay with the size 8
I ordered this shirt through the website hoping it would look like it did on the model  it does! very nice  thick fabric. fits true to size  no complaints at all.
Perfection. effortless cool  and the colors are much more vibrant and gorgeous in person. endless options. you know a sweater must be a dream if you end up buying it when it's still 90 degrees outside. runs true to size---the medium fit with room to layer underneath.
This is a wonderful top. it looks great with jeans and shorts. feminine and clever design. many compliments.
I love cashmere  love the length  cowl-neck and colors  however i found the yellow to be bit more vibrant in person  which i liked. i'm not sure i will keep this because it seemed to be a bit too thin for my taste. i would gladly pay a bit more for a thicker ply sweater... i might justify this one at a sale price.
Found this dress at my local retailer. . it was one of those dresses that just catches your eye.. very very  beautiful print. . the dress is loose and flowy and feels so comfortable on. i purchased it without a second thought. i am 5'1" and usually wear a 0 or 2 and the 2 was a better fit for me. so breezy and cool for summer.
This blouse is romantic and timeless. the tonal print is lovely  the peplum cut flattering. i followed the advice of other reviewers and ordered one size up  which fits perfectly. it has a hidden side zip to make for easier off and on. i love the mix of cotton and silk which makes it breathable and lightweight. thank you  retailer  for finally making a blouse with natural fabrics that do not need a cami underneath! perfect for warm climates.
I usually wear petite which this was not so a little big for me. but nice color and good quality  but pricey for what it is. it's more like a $45 sweater not $100+
I wish i could keep this dress based on the pretty orange print and style but the fabric and details make this a return  even on sale price :( agree with previous reviews: bodice too tight  neckline too high/chokes  fabric is rough  outer is poorly attached to liner so it poofs in weird areas. too bad...so sad!
No size fit me. i'm normally a s to m. the small had huge armholes on me and the xs was just a wee bit off somehow. perhaps in length. so i ended up without it sadly. it's really a very nice top and great quality. i was unhappy to leave it behind.
I purchased this top in the navy. the picture makes the top look like an interesting blue with some purple in it  but in person the top is just... navy. the lace and fabric are soft. it fits true to size; i almost always wear a small and the small fit fine. it wasn't quite my style  but it's a pretty top that will be great for spring and summer.
This romper is sooo comfortable and cute! it is definitely pretty casual  and probably best used as a beach cover up  as it exposes a lot of skin. that being said  i have worn it out and about on very hot days and felt totally fine. as far as sizing  i usually order a small  and got this in a small and it fit perfectly.
I just received this in the mail today. first of all there was no slip included and the fabric is totally sheer. the description says "viscose lining" so i assume there was a slip and from the picture it looks like it was a beige color. second of all  it was obviously sent from a store where they lost the slip and it was squished into the smallest possible retailer envelope. the fabric is beautiful but the dress is humongous like the previous reviewers said. i ordered a size smaller than us
I found this tts (ordered a m  i'm an 8) and not annoying to put on. i ended up being glad it doesn't have a zipper - when i tried it on  i thought it would look better with a v-neck  so i tried it on backwards with the hook and eye open in the front. i think it's identical back and front except for that  and it looks cuter with a slightly lower neckline  especially for a bustier person like me. i might sew down the flaps on the inside of the neck so it makes a somewhat high v-neck. with that al
I waited so long before trying this on because i have a bad addiction to white/cream tops that i'm trying to get over and branch out  but after seeing someone else wearing it i decided to give it a whirl. i was also trying on the black and white charlie's with the leaf print at the time and fell in love. it hits me a lot longer than the modeled photo (i'm about 5'7" for reference) and the shoulders were a little tight for me in my usual small  so i got a medium. the sleeve length is perfection 
The fit of this top is nothing like in the photo. the blouse on the model must be pinned back to achieve that fitted silhouette. in reality this top is baggy and boxy and runs at least one size large. the embroidery  details  and soft material are great  but the fit is off entirely. this item is going back.
The shirt is absolutely cute looking. but that's just that....looks. i'm 5'2" size 6 & wears m to l top. i tried on the medium in the store  it was rather flowing. i liked it. but i didn't like how it fit on the underarm area. it hung very low. so i ordered a petite m. still the same. plus the store the lighting was dark so i didn't realize how see through the shirt was too. had to return it.
I love my new dress! it is comfy  classy and so easy to wear! you can dress it up or down with ease. i'm looking forward to seeing more styles from this designer. i hope soon!! don't miss out on this dress. it's a must have for your wardrobe!
The material of this swimsuit is amazing. the swimsuit is expensive  but it is high quality in person. definitely one i'd recommend buying!
This is by far my favorite romper. it is very flattering and the material feels wonderful against the skin.
This is a lovely cardigan--especially over dresses with leggings  over-the-knee socks  and boots. i was so ecstatic to get it at the black friday price. the description says its white but it's more like a cream. it was for this reason that i initially reconsidered the purchase. i was hoping for more of an off-white or winter white as it appears on the model. except  it looked so great over dresses and suitable for the southern california winter. i didn't care for the wrap belt. it just looked li
The print is beautiful  the fabric has a nice weight. i actually bought this because i'm early in pregnancy and wanted a dress i can wear during the transition period - because of its swing shape  this is one of those rare dresses that looks good on me now and will still look good on me in 6 months when i've got a huge belly.    fit-wise: i am 5'9  155 lbs  34d  and ordered a large  but i am exchanging it for a medium. the arm holes are also a bit large.
I am so love in this top  i wish i had it in all colors and will absolutely be watching the sale rack for these ones. i love this top. i work out at a gym that requires tops  but that means i cannot usually display my awesome sports bras with cute strappy backs. this yoga top has an open back which will show these off  which i really like. the draped back keeps you nice and cool also. and the fit is amazing. i have some extra baby belly that i can't seem to work off-it was invisible in this top.
Love this top! cloth & stone makes excellent quality clothes that are durable and have unique details. this top can go with many different looks and i can't wait to take it out for a spin!  i bought the medallion crops to go with this top and it is an awesome combo  i would definitely check it out!
I really wished i had heeded the other reviews of this "dress". it is so ridiculously oversized i cannot imagine who this possibly would look good on. i ordered the sm/med and when i took it out of the package i thought i had accidentally been sent a bed sheet and said "are you kidding me?!"  by the time you cinch the neckline so the fabric is somewhat close to your body the neckline is almost to your waist and you look 50 lbs heavier. horrible design retailer. i don't know which dress the
Maybe i shouldn't have sized up to an xl but i'm not sure a smaller size would have solved the weird fit. the vee is quite low and i'm busty. it'll be really low if you're smaller on top. the fit from back to front where it ties looked horrible on me. not tight at all. it's almost balloon like around the hem and from the side view  i looked like a really wide green apple. i hate leaving a bad review because i know someone may love it but i wouldn't recommend it.
Debated for a while about this dress...love the flower embroidery but i was worried the nude colored top would look drab on. it actually looks nice on my skin (tan-ish  yellow toned)  surprisingly. however  there is a noticeable amount of extra room in the waist (i have a 24'' waist. it wrinkles a bit in that area when i move around. i'm not sure if that's a deal breaker or not...i guess now i have even more to debate about. the length is a tiny bit longer on me than on the model #5'0''  100 lbs
I purchased this dress to wear to a beach wedding. i loved the color  the fit and the style. i even got a lot of compliments on it. the problem was that the wedding was on the beach  in florida 85 degree weather and when you are sweating the fabric changes colors and takes a really really long time to return to normal! unfortunately i had to return it. would be great to wear indoors  just watch getting water or anything else on it!
The snake and the studs  they make the dress. sadly  the snake is hard to find  as mentioned in another review. this dress also runs large  i'm usually a 12 and went down to 10. the images are misleading too. two pics show a small  fitted look  and the other two show a full  swing look. i'm trying to make this work but it may have to go.
This top was so beautiful  exactly like the image shows but the waist was so tight. it was uncomfortable enough that i am going to return it. sad because the top and arms fit great. i am an hourglass so my waist is very small compared to my top and bottom. oh well  next time!!
These jeans look great with everything and fit great. i can dress them up with wedges or throw them on with flip flops and they are so comfortable  too. i've had many compliments already.
Beautiful airy well made blouse. very flattering and feminine. i normally wear a size 8 and ordered a 10 per the other reviews and i am glad i did! the fit id perfect.
I wanted to love this. couldn't wait for it to arrive.  unfortunately  it doesn't look anything like the picture.  i usually wear a m/l in holding horses so i ordered a l but as soon as i held it up i noticed it was ridiculously large. the fabric is on the heavy side so the dress just hangs in a very unflattering way. and  it is extremely shimmery.  i love velvet  but the texture and sheen of this dress was just over the top. sadly  it is going back.
When i read all these positive reviews i did not hesitated  as i wanted good basics which will be good investment in me as looking good is always investment. well  i love blue color as i am blonde wih blue eyes and this color makes my eyes brighter and matches almost everything but..the design of the shirt is made oversize fit basically the shirt should not be dressed as fitted it's more relaxed fit so if you wear medium go head and order medium even if the small fits unless you want to look lik
I bought these cords in navy. the color is beautiful and the fit is great. it is a very slimming fit. i am usually between a 27 and 28  i ordered the 28 and they fit perfectly!
Bought this dress to wear to work. love it! great buy
This top is lovely; great colors for spring  light material  flow-y  and the cinching below the bust line creates a super flattering silhouette. i did have to size up to a 2 (i'm almost always a 0) to make some room for the girls (i'm a 32 c/d depending on the brand)  so larger chested women may want to size up  but it's well worth it
This is a truly beautiful dress  and yes  so much better in person.  upon examining the dress  however  i saw some problems.  the embroidery above the waistline was loose in places  there were some frayed ends  and even some &#39;fuzzy&#39; spots where it looked like the stitching had rubbed against something.  the dress is over $250  and for that price i expect the embroidery to be top-notch.  returning and hope the replacement is in better shape.  if so  it will be a keeper!
The sweater is cute  but scratchy.
These culottes are comfortable and cool. i am a size 8-10 and am 5' 4" tall. i ordered the medium. the hemline hits me a little bit longer than the model. also they are more of a bell shape on me rather than kind of a straight pant as shown on the model. the pockets are great!
Thought i would try this as other reviewers loved it and it's out of my comfort zone. it looked like a poncho with a baggy tank underneath. not worth the price. the tassels looked a bit worn as well.
I was so excited to get this dress since it look so pretty on line but unfortunately the it was horrendous on. the model must have the dress tailored because it looks like a huge tent on me. it was very wide bust down and made me look 30 lbs heavier. i'm 5'4 and 125 lbs- ordered extra small and it fits bust up and arms so i say it's tts up top.
Tried this on yesterday in the fitting room and i really wanted to get it but two problems - 1. not made for c cup bra women or larger and 2. the ruffles come right out of the nipple line area of the chest  so when you see yourself at a profile view  there's these ruffles that look like they're coming out of your chest. just sayin'. not for me.
These are really nice pants - color and style are perfect but when i first put them on they seemed like they fit perfectly on me then within 30 minutes they looked 2 sizes too big - they got loose due to the material not being firm or thick enough. i would go down a size for sure. the cons aren't unsolvable so try them out!
I am very petite and ordered the xs. it is too big which is often the case. i gauge how much i like something by my willingness to spend even more money on alterations. i love this jacket so much that i am willing to go through that extra step. i love winter and this is a perfect winter top. the faux fur is very soft and cozy and has a rich look to it. i have yet to have it altered which is the only reason for my 4 stars under quality. i don't yet know how it will fit once complete. the fact tha
A great little dress that can be dressed up or down.
Absolutely love  love this dress. it is so comfortable and falls perfectly. the material is great and you can dress it up or wear it casually. if it had more colors  i would get it it in any color it came in!!
This gorgeous &amp;amp;amp; beautiful dress is hampered by a see-through unlined bodice and all viscose/polyester fabrication.  by the way  did you see the price tag?  at least the skirt is lined.  if you have deep pockets and don't mind the slightly rough fabric  go for it.  and wear a nice bra.  size up if you're busty.
This dress is absolutely amazing! i am an retailer addict  a good portion of my wardrobe is from retailer. that being said  this is one of my all time favorite purchases! this dress is a beautiful statement. i am tall and curvy and this dress fits like a glove but is very comfortable. the quality of the beading and the fabric is very good. i wore it on my hawaii vacation  and got numerous compliments! don't pass this one up! five stars!
I love the soft  slouchy feel of this draped yet constructed jacket. don't expect a crisp fit. i'm not a fan of the menswear look so this jacket is the boho answer to a classic blazer. the one-button closure is easy to wear; the hem curves for a more feminine look. i hesitated before ordering (hoping it would turn up at my local retailer). by the time i was ready to order  the green version had sold out. as it turns out  the copper is even better. it was 86 degrees today  but i wore it anyway!
Totally see through.
Saying that these pants are comfortable would be redundant. they are over & above in comfort. i wear a size 8; and they are right on in sizing. i want to comment on the color/print. to see the green  i had to take the pants by a window with natural light and look closely. that being said  i think the pants take on the color of top one chooses. i walked through my closet with the pants in hand. they match with light grey  periwinkle blue  light sky blue  navy  white  your choice. i do prefer a so
I absolutely fell in love with these comfy palazzo pants and imagined that i'd be wearing them all summer long. they fit beautifully  were true to size  and seemed to go with every top i owned. unfortunately  on the second wear  the inseam completely unraveled  leaving a foot-long gaping hole in the leg. i also noticed some stray threads along the other seams  so i'm not thrilled with the quality. it seems like they were poorly manufactured. i'm not sure if i just purchased a faulty pair or if t
I really wanted this skirt to work but it didn't look very flattering on me. a great midi length and very cool pattern  so hopefully will work for others!
Retailer  take me away! this dress transports me to an island. i ordered a small and exchanged for an xs  i could have probably even done an xxs (thank you vanity sizing). i'm not tiny. i'm 5'4'' and 130lbs with lots of baby left overs.   i love the details of the dress and so many people stopped me to compliment it. and  while a few people thought i was pregnant while wearing this dress (because women obviously only wear flowy dresses when they're pregnant)  i welcomed the seat offers with wide o
I bought the yellow pair on vacation last week and loved them! i wore them home on the plane and had a pony tail holder in my pocket (basic goody binder)  and there is a circle stain where the binder was! so strange! i sprayed them with spray and wash and washed them. the stain is still there and now it is discolored in the area i treated them! they are ruined! i am so disappointed and i only got one wear out of them!
This piece is stunning. you can dress up or down with it. my husband said "wow that's very elegant". it is very soft. thin but warm. however  it came to me with numerous holes along one strip of fabric. i returned it for another. it is a very delicate fabric. the zig zag stitching may snag easily.  i'm afraid it will not wash well. definitely a hand wash item. i'm not sure i will keep it in the end. the design i thought should be a 5 star because of the look and versitality of the item. quality
I didn't notice this online but it caught my eye in the store. the colors are bright and beautiful. i wear a 10/12 or m/l. i tried the 12 but the bust was too big (i wear a 36c). i ordered the size 10 and it fits perfect. i'm so glad i saw it in the store. i think it makes much more of an impact in person than online.
This is cut very strangely  i'm short waisted and this barely covered my belly button. the material is rough and scratchy. did not like at all and will be returning.
When i saw this dress in the store in a size small (i usually wear a large)  i thought  "how cute!" so i tried it on. it fit very well...all but in the armhole. so i decided to order a medium. i received the medium and it fits exactly like the small  armhole and all. in addition  i agree with other reviews that this dress' description "above the knee" does not accurately describe length unless you're somewhat tall. i found this dress hit me just where i'd like it to...right above the knee. not a
I ordered xs/petite but i think i better ordered xxs which was already sold out at the time i purchased. i recommend one size smaller for this sweater. this sweater is designed very wide for your shoulder which could be fallen down for people who usually prefer petite size but it's really adorable!!
Great jeans by pilcro  too short and snug around my knees for keeping though.
I am usually a size o and ordered and xs ...due to the band in the center (not much give) it was a little difficult to shimmy over my hips but the body fit perfectly when i got passed that part. that being said the cup design is a hot mess. i am a b/c cup size and the top on this could not handle it. i felt fully exposed. i thought maybe if i went a size up i could get a little more coverage. the body felt ok on the small but the cups were still just too small. i still felt to exposed. they are
I loved this skirt on but just the other reviewers  it runs small in the waist throwing off the dimension of the skirt. i ended up getting the 0 despite the fact that it was tighter in the waist because the 2 at this length (with my height) and amount of material became overwhelming on me. it would have looked better in a slightly shorter cut as another reviewer stated as well.
This sweatshirt is beautiful and a step beyond the ordinary. the white is crisp and the lace is just beautiful. the black striping is subtle and really attractive. i had a problem with the fit. it just grabbed my mid section in an unattractive way. i wear large in more fitted items and that's what i ordered this time. i'm well endowed and it fit nicely over my bust  shoulders and arms so afraid the next size up will be too big. although it didn't work for me i highly recommend this beautiful top
I ordered this shirt in the purple stripe and was happy when it arrived and i really liked the color and style.   however  like the other reviewer  when i tried it on  the little circles on the front line up perfectly with your bra straps.  i even tried a different style bra and had the same result.  sadly i returned it yesterday.
Hei hei is my favorite line. i am a medium in all of the pants i have ever purchased from this brand.  i ordered these in the green and they arrived today. they fit me as if they were an xxl. i have a similar pair in rust from last summer so i assumed that they would be the same.   obviously they are going back tomorrow . i'm very disappointed  they are a nice looking jogger and the color is pretty.
Love this coat! super soft and cozy!! did not realize the sleeves are built in to the jacket. wasn't too excited at first but once i tried it on i fell in love. great quality!
If you like a slightly heavier  non/clingy basic tee  this is it. i wore the long sleeved version all fall and winter  rotating colors  and i've been wearing these with shorts and leggings since i got them. the colors are great  fabric is quality  and the ribbon detail in the back gives these a little flare.
This shirt is absolutely beautiful. however  it runs very small. proportion-wise it's okay in the shoulders  bust  and back but it's too short! definitely order up!
I ordered two of these  the grey and ivory. i have had great luck with jackets and blazers from retailer. these were the exception. i just could not pull them off. the quality was great but they had little shape except being a bit boxy. i do have wider hips. maybe these would look better on someone tall and thin? for reference  i am 5'6 and about 138lbs. i ordered smalls and the sizing was perfect for me  the style was just off. i had to return both.
Haven't worn it yet  but i am loving this top. it is much prettier in person. i sized up to a med based on reviews and it looks like it runs small. i didn't try it on until i got home and probably could have done ok in a small but will keep the medium so it's not tight across my chest. the knit material that makes up the arms and back is thin  which is my only complaint. if it was slightly thicker it would look nicer and i'm sure wear longer. i'm happy with my purchase-the colors  fabric  embroi
I ordered these pants after seeing the good reviews  but i don't agree. these are going back. i ordered a small. i'm 5'5" and 135 pounds. i am usually between a small and a medium in pants  but the small in these pants is huge. i could definitely fit into an xs. but i also don't think they are very flattering and don't like the feel of the fabric. it's too bad. i love the idea of these.
I love this dress. be warned that even at 5'4" it is right on the edge of the shortest length that i can get away with wearing. i probably will not wear it to church but for a special event  dinner  or the theater it will be an eye catching statement piece without being over the top. it has a quiet appeal. both layers of fabric are thin but that helps it to conform to my figure without hugging it. it softly drapes showing an hourglass while being extremely comfortable. i think some reviewers int
I wasn't sure what size to get in this and how it would fit since there weren't any reviews but i ordered it in a size 10 and it fits really well. i usually get dresses in a size 8 but those flow a bit more and this on my waist (am curvy on bottom) i needed to get the 10  it sits well on my waist and i don't have to hike it up. the material is chino like so it does get a bit wrinkled but it has a nice weight and the pleats give it a pretty flow not too boxy making my hips look bigger. it has bel
I thought the dress was ok  but was surprised by the cut away triangles of material right under bra band on the sides of dress. i will send back  also a bit too high waisted for me. other than that  the dress is as it appears.
The embroidery on the side is cute  and they're nice and airy for hot days. however  the stitching on the legs unraveled after only two washes. also  they're extremely long; i'm 5'7 and had to take them up around 3 inches.
Saw this in the greenville  sc store  and it caught my eye. i ordered a petite a week later  and i adore it. nice embroidery. a little sparkle. the sleeves are voluminous  but it makes me feel sassy.
From the photos  i thought the design was embroidered. in reality  it is stamped on. there is a tiny bit of embroidery and a few sequins  but overall  the design is just printed on the fabric. i didn't feel it looked good  in fact it looked kind of cheap to me  so i returned it. the overall style of the jacket was great and it would have looked equally good for work or casual. i was disappointed it didn't work out.
Got this shirt in the map design - super cute! it looks great with jeans or chinos in different colors. fun and different shirt. fit just as expected.
This is the perfect day dress--loose fit  comfortable fabric. i usually wear a m or l in most dresses of this type  but the s actually was the best fit. i have worn it all summer and it's perfect for hot weather. just order smaller.
I am a 6p (5'2") and got this in a regular small as it did not seem to come petite.  my tailor is taking 5 inches off the bottom as the lower portions (it is an uneven hem) are ankle length.    black watch tartan is one of my favorites - so had to get this dress!    i would say it fits tts.  it is on my shoulders and the sleeves are bracelet length; i have a little extra material around the waist.  the dress zippers up the size and there is an elastic section at the small of the back.  i find th
I ordered this in black and white  thinking you can never have enough silk camisoles.     i returned the black because it looked like polyester. the white is actually a cream/ivory  not bright white as pictured. it is also not the best feeling quality  however the fit is good  and true to size.
I am 5' 8"  145 pounds with a 32 ddd bust. i typically purchase a small or a 4 to 6 in blouses. this blouse was small across the chest and therefore  i purchased a size 8. it is a nice fit. however  the button placement on the blouse does not work well for someone who is chesty. one button is placed slightly above bust line and the other slightly below. this causes a peek-a-boo space between buttons. therefore  i wear a bright white tank top beneath the blouse and wear the blouse unbuttoned to j
Omg so i never pay full price for a t-shirt because it's just a t-shirt but there are exceptions for every rule. i can't believe i am saying this but this shirt was worth it! it is true to size (a relaxed fit) so if you are in between sizes  you could comfortably size down. the colors are just so darling. love this. not disappointed.
I ordered this dress when it was briefly on sale with an extra percent off. i was very excited to receive it in my usual size large  and wear with a jean jacket and cowboy boots. when i took it out of the package  i could tell it looked really small. i didn't even try it on. i had my daughter who wears a size small try it on  and she couldn't even get it over her hips. if you are tall and thin like the model  it will work for you. it is made of cupro  looks exactly like the photo  the color is g
I am 26 weeks pregnant and bought this in an xs to wear to my shower this weekend. i am delighted with how it looks on  but it really might be too big for someone who isn't pregnant.
I love the look and feel of these shorts - typically my issue with any sort of cotton or linen shorts these days is that they're practically made of nothing  but these are comfortable and made of decent fabric. however  they run very large. being 100 lbs and about 5'  i typically buy size 0 or xs  but these looked a bit ridiculous on me  with how big they are. i tried shrinking them in the wash  since they're 100% cotton  and that helped some  along with getting rid of the creases from shipping
I bought this dress on super sale and it was such a great deal. sadly it's going back although i sized down i still feel like the dress is shapeless and tent like. no wonder why the store had so many still at the price i paid. the details on the dress are pretty and it's high quality. just wish the fit was better.
If you're not a petite and are reading this  read on :) i'm always on the lookout in the petite section because many times us fuller girls can fit into these.   ________  pros:  - tts for me. i'm normally a size 10/12 (m/l) in the regular sizes. i tried on the 12p and it fit everywhere perfectly  especially at the bust in which i'm a 36c.  - fabric is on the thicker side  but that's what gives it this adorable shape  besides already being fit-and-flare.  - pockets :) i always lean towards dresse
I debated getting this top  and i am glad that i did! i got the pink  and it is a fun  vibrant color. someone suggested that if you are in between sizes  go up. i agree with that feeling; however  it is pretty true to size. it is preppy  cute  and classic.
The sweater is a great fit and the styling is very original and wonderful. it will be great with leggings  jeans  or even a straight skirt. i would definitely recommend this sweater.
Oh my  i just received my dress and it is gorgeous!. i was a little skeptical with the reviews but i am on the slender side so perhaps that is the body type it works for. i am 34b with a 25 waist. i got a size 0 and it fits well. i am 5'5" and the length is good too  not too long. i could wear reasonable heel/wedges. it is a great class  sophisticated look. the material is great quality. i can't wait for an occasion to wear it to!
This is a dress for a princess. i admire this dress so much  online and in person. i tried on this dress a few times every time i visited the store. the beads throughout the dress provide a low-key surprise sparkle  especially in the sun. the colors are much more vibrant in person  which is breathtaking against the light cream background. the fabric is soft and flowy. unfortunately for me  it doesn't fit right. size 6 fits well but the arm holes are too big and the midi part makes me look frumpy
I love this skirt! it's a denim material  so it's structured  but not too heavy for warm weather. the colors are bright. it may run a bit big  but i didn't have trouble with my usual size. the pockets are actually usable. great for casual and easy to dress up.
I love this top  the detail and embroidery make it great for during the day or at night. the small fits me perfect and i don't wear it with a camisole like some have mentioned  but might if i wore it to work
This dress is so cute! i went to the store to try it on and although i knew the dress would fit i could not get the zipper up. my mom  the sales lady and i all tried to get the zipper up and it would not move past the ribbon. i wish i could have bought this dress but i can't without a working zipper. i tried a size up and every dress at the store that was my size and none of them worked. please fix the zipper problem so i can have this dress!
Ordered this in white  thought would be really cute. but didn't like  and returned it. i am big busted and it was unflattering teh way it draped.
This is my favorite find of the fall. i got the mustard color and it is wonderful.   very soft  nice shape  unique design. i am usually between a medium and large in tops  but i found that the medium was a little too short for my liking.  (i am  5 ft 8 in tall).  even sizing up  it's far too short for me to wear as a dress as some others had mentioned  but looks great with jeans and boots. the large is perfect!!
This sweater is really lovely. it doesn't look like it does in the picture. i got the xsmall as i was worried it would run big. it's much shorter than i though  fits more like a petite size. the sleeves are 3/4 length  which i wasn't thrill with but accepted. the color combo is really lovely! it's very comfortable and well made and it was perfect for work but lovely with a pair of jeans too!
Absolutely adore this jacket. i'm typically a true medium at retailer and the medium fit perfect. the small actually fit really well to and had a little room for sweaters under it but i decided to stick with the medium just so i could bundle up if need be. so perfect and beautiful  the embroidery is gorgeous  i feel so feminine in this coat
The print doesn't necessarily works for everybody.
I ordered my usual size small and it was very large on my 5'5"  112# frame.  my daughter loved it so she scored.  i ordered another one in xs  perfect though the sleeves run long! i have long arms.  can be dressy or casual.
Was looking for a top with this style. i ordered this top wondering if it would fit in the hip area after reading the size chart (it showed a close fit.) the answer is yes! there's room to spare  which is a good thing. i like the nubby front material and the hemline's asymmetrical style. i'll be layering this top with sweaters and jackets all winter. very soft feeling fabric. wouldn't mind another one in a different color!
Very disappointed. ordered two sizes  the fraying of the embroidery was so bad on one of the dresses i wouldn't have worn it and the zipper was sticking. the second dress had fraying and loose threads as well and the seams at the shoulders were not properly sewn which made the lace at the neckline completely crooked. some of these issues would maybe be acceptable if the dress was under $100 but at $228 they are not. returning both sizes.
I loved the look of this top when i saw it online  however  when i received it i was kinda disappointed. the color of the top was different than what i perceived initially. .it's way more off white. ..not my favorite. the texture/pattern of fabric on the body of the top was too near hanky for me. the sequin detail at neckline is wonderful  but not enough for me to keep. unfortunately i will be returning this one. not a hit for my desired as the tic but some one else might love!
This nightgown looked so comfy and cute! i ordered a large and it was so uncomfortably tight.i'm 5'3" and 150lbs. it was such a shame. size large should not just be really a medium!
Love the tee but it is very thin. best for layering
This would have been a perfect jacket for a trip i'm taking  light weight and very stylish. however the jacket runs huge  the arms are long but it was the shoulders that were too big. i wear a size 8-10 mostly 10 in retailer clothes i ordered the large and the shoulder seam was about 2? past my natural shoulders. i won't return for a smaller size because the fabric being wool (i should have checked) its unbearably itchy esp around the neck  you could wear a long sleeve top and a scarf but then it
Despite being a knit  this skirt holds its shape and is absolutely perfect. it goes with everything and is extremely comfortable.
This was disappointing to me. i love how this looks on the model. unfortunately it made me look huge. it was all bunched up after i buttoned and put it on. i didn't find it was tts  i am a 10 m and got the m. it was too tight in the waist. before i'd even put it on  i noticed the waist looked very small. i don't even think the sizing issue caused the material bunching. it's like the buttons didn't match up or something.
Just purchased this lovely sweater over the weekend during the 25% off sale. i went in to buy the rona sweater in grey (which i think is the same style with different name) but it was all sold out! the sa pointed me to a rack of these sweaters and i am happy with this choice! the back print is really cute and the sweater design and color is very flattering. it goes well with pants or skirt  and the front is not as short as i had imagined the rona sweater to be.
The way the back came down so much made the top look weird. i do like some tops that hang longer in the back but this one was just too much. also the material was kind of blah it was thick polyester which would not be very cool during the summer and the color looked better in the picture. so to me it was just a over priced odd top.
This is the prettiest little sweater with such nice details. but it will not work well on a person like me with a full bust (38d) even in a larger size than i normally wear. it is also very  very short in the body. i would recommend it for a petite person with a small bust though.
I'm short and curvy and just had a baby. love this cape because it's super comfy and warm but not too warm. have had it for a couple of weeks now and it's my go to for running around during the day. the description says grey but it reads a tiny bit green - like light camo green but so slight that it still pairs well with most everything.     usu a med but got the xs/s because of how slouchy it is anyway. med looked too big in the shoulders.
I was so excited to purchase this dress; i love all shades of grey for winter clothing  i love knits  and i have loved other maeve dresses. however  i simply cannot fathom how poorly this is designed--it fits absolutely nothing like it appears to on the model  to the point that i wonder if i might have received a defective dress.  for reference  i am 5'5"  slender and small-boned but also curvy (hourglass). my bust is 36 c  hips about 37-38. i normally wear a small in maeve dresses. maybe it's j
This sweater is so beautiful on. it is thick material  but does not make you look boxy. it fits so nicely and is flattering. the design is just gorgeous. if you are considering this sweater-- get it  you won't regret it!  i'm normally a small (4-6) and i ordered a small. it fits true to size. the fit is *perfect* so if you want it slightly more relaxed  order one size up.
I love this dress!!! it's comfortable  flattering and stylish. looks great with flats or boots - awesome with a chunky scarf and tights.
I recently purchased this jacket online in the rose color and it is beautiful! i usually wear an xs in retailer but purchased this in size s after trying on the grey color at the store. there was no xs to try for comparison but the s fit well and leaves room for light layers underneath. the only reason i rated it as "runs small" is that xs is my usual size so this may be true to size for most. i also wanted the option of zipping with layers underneath. the sleeves are long but can be rolled
This was exactly the item i was looking for. simple  black  stylish.  unfortunately the fit is terrible and proportions completely off.  the upper arms  chest and hips were ridiculously tight and the whole look was uncomfortable and flattering.
Great summer shirt. loose fitting  but especially wide. the button gather in back is a nice detail
Overall  this swimsuit is what i needed and have been looking for. i normally wear bikinis but i needed a one piece  and i wanted something unique and different. i ordered the chevron print  and i do love the colors and "retro" look of the swimsuit. if i could change a couple of things  i would have the legs and booty slightly more high cut -- but not much. and i might have wanted the option to take off some  if not all  of the straps. other than that  i do love it...and i doubt that anyone else
I tried this one on in the store and my typical xs fit perfect. it's not too boxy in the waist like every other sweater this season. also the mock neck is not to wide and is flattering. it sheds which i do not like but not as bad as some. the material is thin but warm i would layer it.
It seems this coat could have been manufactured under a smaller spec size because the size large looses shape and where it hits on the waistline is unflattering. quality is high however
I ordered this in my usual size small (36b bust  5'5"  around 116 lbs)  but the seam around the high waist stuck out and didn't cinch in at the waist at all  rather bubbled out a bit. the tunic "flaps" laid strangely as well  like they were too small almost. the high cut sides were indeed high cut...showing the waistband of my leggings. apparently that is a new style  as i have seen a few other tops like it around  but i question whether slits that high are appropriate for actual wear outside on
I'm glad that i went with the other reviewers and sized down on this one. i bought this in a medium (usually wear a 10/12) and it fit perfectly. the colors and pattern are beautiful and will definitely look great with dark jeans/pants/shorts. the lace detail is just gorgeous! the bottom flows more loosely  but just enough to cover any midsection flaws and pairs nicely with dark skinny jeans.
I liked the top  it is cute  but i didn't keep it as i have similar tops like it and i had better options. however:  color: it is true that htere are differentials in the coloring of fabrics in this top  but that is not necessairly a bad thing  it kind of gives t personality.  lace part (this is where i have a similr one  tank all alce like that): darker ivory  drkest part of hte shirt. cut to neck is flatetering  and different from the low lunging things we see a lot of.  body: true to size  i
These ag stevie ankle jeans only have 50% cotton.tthe rest is 41% lyocell (a rayon)  7% polyester  and 2% polyurethane. result: thin and clingy jeans that show every lump  and stretch out.   .  these are no longer the same lovely ags in twill when they were at 80% cotton  18% modal  2% pu. it seems ag has also stopped making denim and corduroy with 98% cotton  at least in the stevies.  .  i'm sure these will be a great choice for someone looking for very soft and thin pants that feel like pjs  b
A whim of a purchase on a tops sale. i spotted the black  but went for the mauve. it's great in person  fits loosely and hangs nicely for layering. i will buy the black too when in goes on sale. 5'5"  135lbs  34c  curvy/muscular frame  and the small was perfect (and every a little roomy) on me.
Fits and lots nothing like picture. very wide like a tent dress!
This cut and shape of this skirt is very flattering. i am normally a medium but the small fit and looked much better- less bulky. the material is nice almost sweater like but not so heavy. it's a very versatile skirt. highly recommend.
Just bought this in the store a couple days ago and wore it for the first time today. love the embroidery detail and i feel that the colors are more vibrant in person. i typically wear a 2 in most retailer tops but i got a 0 in this and it is great - seems to be a generous fit. the slits on the sides do come up a bit high  but i wore a cami underneath since it is sheer and the slits were not an issue with it. looks great with jeans. it is a great transitional piece for the fall as i'm sure i will
I wanted to love this dress  it looks beautiful on the model but it isn't the flattering  even on sale i am not sure if it would be worth it  it it runs pretty big.
I fell in love with this piece the moment i saw it. unfort they were out of the s  so i went with a medium. fortunately for me  this piece runs true to size and so while slightly large  i will still keep it. the material is sturdy and of good quality  the buttons are large and noticeable and the ties by the shoulder are not flimsy. great piece!
Love this sweater. it can look dressy or just right with jeans! now if it will just cool down i can wear it!
I am a size 2 and the skirt fit however it is so thick and voluminous  it looked like a pirate sack. it's unfortunately going back.
I had to review this because i purchased before any reviews were up and now that i've received this dress i'm appalled by all the positive reviews!!! this dress is hideous in person. seriously hideous. and even if you can get past the drapery fabric  it's incredibly restricting. the picture online is so misleading. the dress isn't even an ivory it's more of a pea green! so disappointed.
Great quality top. i do wish it fit me...i'm really long waisted and this top was too short. had to return
Got this in the red  like previous reviewer mentioned - it does fit snug.  you might need to size up if you are busty and want a much looser fit.    other than that  super comfortable and soft fabric
I just got this dress and am so excited to have it hanging in my closet  i've been eyeing it for a long time and am glad i got it on sale. i felt like a greek goddess when i tried this on and cannot wait to wear it. it fits like it was made just for me. the outer material is a little heavier than expected but it not a problem  the second layer is form fitting and soft. i feel like the restricted opening at the bottom forces me to slow down  like a lady and take in my surroundings  after all life
This is the first one piece swimsuit i've owned since i was a toddler. i'm 5'3" and 120 lbs 34b bust with short torso and athletic built legs...so i wasn't sure how this would fit. was i ever surprised!! i bought the size small in the mint chevron pattern. the material is substantial but not overly thick. it is double layered and the cups are padded for extra coverage. it was a little tight to pull on but after having it on it conformed to my curves like it was cut to fit them. the top offers an
I sized way down and this top was still shapeless and tent-like. the sweatshirt fabric overpowered the cute  feminine details.
I purchased the gorgeous green color. i love that i can wear this with leggings and sandals in warm weather or boots and scarves when it's cooler outside. the best thing is that it has pockets to slip my phone in! the color is very flattering and i get lots of compliments when i wear it!
This shirt is beautiful  however i thought that it was made of a softer  lighter material. it is  instead  made of a thick  heavy material that was unflattering for my shape. ( short torso ann's large bust) it made me look boxy and chunky in the middle. sadly  i'll be returning
Perhaps i should have gotten two sizes smaller  but the knees on these were baggie by lunch.  they are very soft and comfortable  but i wouldn't buy them again.
This is the perfect tank for everyday but it looks like you've dressed up a bit. i love the flow and the ruffles and it looks super cute with a pair of skinny pants. really comfortable and it is good quality.
Bought these for the color however these just did not work for me. the 26 was too small and the 27 was baggy. i'm 5'3 and typically wear a 26. beautiful color and good denim. if you are looking for a looser fit  more of a straight leg fit...this is a good jean with a fun pop of color.
While this is gorgeous in person  if you have a larger bust the v-neck will look really weird. because its so deep  it gets skewed(i'm a d cup). if only the v were 1 or 2 inches higher! unfortunately it's going back.
I'm 5' 7 and bough a size 8 regular. this is so short that if you wear with jeans you can see a midriff. cute pattern  but i'm returning it.
These leggings are great in quality and are thick enough to wear as pants; the rise is perfect. the only issue is that they stretch during wear and end up being a size larger.
This is a well-made kimono style jacket  in a great color choice that is versatile and well constructed. being short and with narrow shoulders  most kimono-style jackets don't work on me; they are simply too big & too long. this jacket's shorter length and more streamlined styling make it perfect for me. a keeper  and a real steal on sale.
I slightly balked at the cost  but i am completely satisfied and glowing about the product  and it is made in the usa. in these times  that means a lot. 100% supima cotton and the perfect design with reasonable deep v-neck  front and back and the slightly lengthened sides  very ultimate design for a tee. i bought the dark grey; the tag says "wash before wearing"  which is one extra step... still  i find this supima cotton tee pretty much divine. i bought the dark grey in medium  my usual ( size
Too tight in strange ways. beautiful dress i was so excited to receive it  however it just did not fit.
Runs a little small  but is very chic!!! you can wear it with jeans and a white t-shirt and you are going to look awesome!!!
I have been searching for months to find a pair of top-quality  slim fit  high-waisted jeans  either straight leg or flare. my search has ended with these flare jeans from paige  thanks to retailer. the fabric is incredibly soft  yet has that little "snap" of stretchiness we have all come to expect in expensive jeans. i also like the dark wash and the fact that there aren't those odd color striations across the hips. i bought size 27  which fits me perfectly. (virtually all my other jeans a
I was excited to receive this top. it looked great online  vibrant colors with the beautiful detail on the sleeves. when i tried it on  the fabric looked and felt cheap. it is not a flowy top. do not recommend it.
Everyone should have this blouse  amazing! simply love it! it does run large  so purchase down 1-2 sizes.
Gorgeous  but the trim detail on both in-store coats was already trashed and falling apart. for $218 and it can't even make it out of the store intact? i love the look but didn't want it to fall apart. they should've done an extra reinforcing stitch on the trim. such a shame!!
Extremely disappointed with this top. it runs extremely large. i'm 5'2  130 lbs  34c and usually wear between a 0-2 & xs-s tops at retailer. i ordered a 0 and it looked like a maternity top on me. the bottom half of the top flared out and did not fit close to the body at all. fabric was also a gauze-like material that was not soft. unfortunately  i will be returning.
Adorable sweater with a loose knit that helps slim down my man-back appearance. cut is tapered to the body but with a soft flare at the bottom hem. not clingy  very soft fabric doesn't accentuate bulges so i am happy about it's forgiving silhouette.
I tried this on in the store and it fit like a tent on me. it doesn't help that i'm 5'1" and the store didn't have the petite sizes. maybe on a teller person it would work better. or maybe if i had been able to try the petite size it would have more wearable. it is a comfy style and the natural fiber is a plus. i have another holding horses dress that i love which also runs large. i did not mark this as "runs large" because the sleeves are more true to size while the bodice is very billowy. i wo
I ordered this in xs  i'm 5'4"  around 115lbs  and it fits perfectly. the material is very soft  but not see-through  and the romper is well-made. i wish it came in other colours  i'd buy more!
I feel like snagging a pair of these was the equivalent to standing in line for black friday  as they always seem to be out of stock. now i know why. these are soft  comfortable  and slimming. they're somewhere between the hold of control top pantyhose and spans--they don't fall and sag throughout the day and are nicely slimming without being pain-inducing.
Tried this on at my local retailer  the red color is pretty but not a "true" red. the fabric has a nice weight to it not the usual thin stuff that retailer seems to offer these days. two big problems though- the top is very low cut and i could see it "opening" up to the world! and the armholes are cut so big and low that you could see the sides of my bra  this is a deal-breaker for me  it can't be fixed.
I'm a little heavier than i'd like due to postpartum fluff and have to gradually lose because of breastfeeding  so i look for bottoms with enough give in the waist that will still fit once i reach my goal weight. for reference i'm about 33" waist x 44" hips with a goal of 31" waist x 40" hips  so roughly a size 12/14 getting back to an 8/10. i bought a medium and it stretches enough to fit. this skirt is a solid staple and the colors are just lovely. the flat elastic in the waistband doesn't rol
I absolutely fell in love with this dress when i saw it online  but unfortunately  it just didn't fit right. the bust and bodice not designed for curves  and the dress just didn't fit correctly  i think it would work better on very slim figures.
I loved this sweater when i saw it online and ordered right away. i purchased a s and the fit was very off. the arms were long (which i don't mind) but the sweater was also super heavy and bulky so it was not at all flattering. i really wanted to love it and it seemed to be of good quality but it i had to return it.
Unfortunately i didnt read the fine print when i ordered this re: dry cleaning only  but this in itself wasnt a total deal breaker. it did fit well -- i am 5'2  32c  107 lb and the xs petite fit very well  definitely form-fitting  not long in the arms or waist. the grey heather design was not my favorite look  actually thats the main reason i am returning it -- there was a dark grey splotch of the heathered design on the chest  and it looked like i had a huge dark stain.
This is an awesome piece and i got many complements while wearing it! it is that rare combo of super comfortable yet amazing look all in one. it does run a bit big  especially on top but the stride is short so i had to keep my regular size or i would have had a wedgie all night.
Kind of excited about this little number. i found it online and was immediately drawn to the boho-chic look. it arrived and i was impressed with the weight of the dress and the detailing that is missed in the photo.
Love embroidery!
As is true of a bunch of the fall clothing photos  the colors are totally washed out in these model images which is such a shame. the embroidery is bright and vivid and totally unique on this! the bib area is actually a soft corduroy which i think is nice to transition into fall and winter. in terms of fit  i do feel like this is maybe geared more towards the slender build - it is a slim cut which i found really flattering for me since i sometimes swim in tunics. at 5'7"  128# with a very small
I got this as a gift and one for me. the medium fits my mom but i got the large because i'm 6'1 and it was large enough but so short waisted. i wouldn't recommend it for women over 5'7
This dress is so cozy and soft. love it! the cowl is big in a flattering way. absolutely adore the buttons that run down the back of the dress. such an unexpected detail which makes retailer pieces so special. i would layer tights and tank underneath anyway so the see through aspect other reviewers mentioned wasn't apparent to me and also wasn't as big a deal.
This is a very pretty top - flowy w/o making you look larger  a nice blue  and a good transition piece. but  the upper arms are so tight on me! i'd say i have pretty average arms - definitely not super thin  but not large either. i keep staring at it and hoping the fabric will give a bit so i can keep it  but sadly  i just don't think the material will be very forgiving. if you have truly thin arms  i think it would be a great top. maybe sizing up would also work  but for me at least  i think it
This bikini bottom is great design and quality but runs small. overall i would recommend.
This looks just as good in person as it does online.   true to size.  definitely warm  but not too heavy.  comfortable as well.
These are great for summer except you need to size down! unless the pair i received was an anomaly  these run very large!
This caught my eye in the store because of the beautiful bell sleeves so i had to try it on. i tried on an xs and small to see what fit better. for me  i am 5"3' and about 120 lbs  the xs fit better. i usually do take an xs in tops. i wore it out recently with a pair of distressed jeans and it looked great. as with most of the items you see online it is always better to see it in person as the pictures do not do it justice. the material was nice and flowy. i did not feel the neckline was too low
This dress is adorable. it simply did not fi off the rack.  i invested 15 dollars in alterations to get rid of the very bottom side pockets- why where they even there? and to shape the bottom. basically the dress is straight all the way down the sides.by up and alter....  the top pattern and cut at the top made the alteration investment worth it to me- the quality of the fabric is excellent.  and the pattern is adorable- can be worn as little black dress  cocktail party or date night. the top de
These run very small!! they are also short  almost like a crop pant. the fit was so weird that i won't even exchange for a bigger size.
I am not in love with this top and will be returning it. from the front it looks like a basic tee (which i expected) but the back "x" is too loose and slumps to the side so that it doesn't look like an "x" as the picture shows. so basically the focal point of the tee falls short.
The top does run large around the upper waist area. arms fits perfectly for athletic shoulders and biceps! the sleeves come about 4 inches shy of the wrist. the embroidery is lovely and the material is very soft but is pretty thin. overall i am very happy that this tunic is actually a tunic! the length goes below the butt and is a very cute buy.
This dress is nicely made   fits well and is the right length.
I was so excited to try these on at my local retailer. i'm so glad i did before i ordered them online because i found the fit to be totally off. the pants bulged around my hips and looked very awkward. they were also not as soft as i expected them to be.
This is a beautiful piece that looks even better in person - a nice mix of modern and artistic  with just enough color and a flattering fit. my only concern is that it may get itchy throughout the day  especially at the neckline. if you can handle a little wool blend next to your skin  i would recommend it for style and fit.
I bought this dress for fall and will get a lot of wear out of it! the fit is perfect - loose  but structured. plan to pair with booties over the coming months!
I tried this on in the store  and the fabric is lovely - so  so soft and drapey. the skirt is very flattering - good length. but the zipper! the zipper was already ripped away from the fabric  so i wasn't able to purchase it. such a shame.
I bought this in xl and it fits just as shown. i could size down to a l and it would still fit because there is a lot of flow to this top. so  if you want a more tailored  but loose fit  then size down.     but  it isn't boxy. and  the deep v is sexy  but not immodest. and the pocket looks like silk  but it's just polyester. the pleating in the back gives this movement or move-ability  like when you drive. there isn't much pull.     it's a thin light material and very cool for hot  humid summer
The design of these is adorable with the lace up ties however they are a dingy looking off white color. they are also pretty see through. returned.
From unique shape to feminine design  this cropped summer sweater is the kind of item that attracted me to retailer thirteen years ago.  it's also flattering  especially for this petite  who doesn't like to show her upper arms.
Don't be fooled by the image; unless you have a c/d chest  this romper has masses of draped fabric right around your middle--exactly where you want it least! very unflattering and rather expensive for the poor quality. back it goes!
Best dress ever maeve does it again! tts and can be worn all 3 seasons here in sacramento   love it and can be worn with a denim jacket or cardigan!
This is gorgeous! i absolutely love it but i need to return it. this is the second time i've ordered this dress/tunic. the fit is amazing  the fabric is so soft and it looks so fabulous on. the issue that i've had twice is that the back of the dress was not cut in the same direction. this means the sheen is different on one side of the middle seam in the back than the other side. unfortunately  it looks like 2 different colors. i returned the first one and i reordered but i have the same thing a
I think this will work well on very busty hourglass figures or very petite frames; but on my athletic build this shirt did me no favors. i have one of those body types where my biceps are very muscular  and my shoulders are broader than my hips (w/a 34b chest). i typically take a m or a l in most retailer tops  and  had i kept this  i would have gone with the m. ---------- this shirt hit my arm at the low point of my bicep (~1" above my elbow) and made my arms look huge. fyi  the v neck is very de
I'm a 110 lb  shorty with a short torso and long arms so the standard xs was huge. i had the opportunity to try on both the xxs petite and xs petite. the xxs petite was almost perfect but i wanted it more flowy - probably best for those that are even shorter and more lightweight than me  othewise  it looks a little too boxy. the petite xs fit me the best and draped nicely  similar to the model in the pink. i had a sweater with this exact silhouette 5+ years ago and wore it to death even though i
I bought these for next year. ordered both 27 & 28 and kept the 27  which i would say is a pretty true 6.
This dress does run large  but i'm wearing it loose and flowy. bought it for desert trip music festival  with booties and a hat or headband  very hippie chic. my husband thinks it's adorable! the prints are darling.
Material cheap. too small. good idea for design. love princess cut but bad material. good idea though. sending back
Unforgiving to even your smallest imperfections.
My store had only one of these  in a size xs (i tend to be more of a s in most retailer items). it was roomy. i am 5'2  34d  & figured a petite small would be a perfect fit. i ordered the ps  it arrived today  & is still pretty big! the sleeves (which are quite flared) are a little shorter  as is the overall length  than the regular xs  but overall the ps feels just as big  if not bigger  than the regular xs! trying to decide if i should go back for the regular xs or order the regular xxs.
I saw this in that postcard "catalog" and it drew my attention immediately  so when i saw it at the store  i knew i would try it on.  this dress is gorgeous - the lace is sturdy and won't easily be caught on things  the chambray is substantial but light. it's put together well and the slip covers greatly. the material isn't stretchy  but it keeps it shape and i like that. i'm 5'7" and it hit me right at the knee  so it's a good length if you wanted to wear it with a cardigan to work as a spring
Received this in the mail today and was disappointed. i typically wear a 6/8 but bought this in the 8 as i had purchased another similar top from the same company in an 8. this does not fit the same at all. the top pulled in my shoulder and chest area while had ample room in the body. needless to say i will be returning this item
I loved the color and design of this dress but needed to return it because it fit so poorly. the arm holes are entirely too big -- so big that alternations couldn't fix it. maybe it's because i am petite but i think it may be a design flaw.
I just bought these in store. so great looking. however  i bought the petites and they are still incredibly long. like 6 inches too long. so  i'll hem them  though based on the review that mentions shrinking  i might wash them first to see what happens. great for summer in the city.
Very disappointed when i received this. the colors and ombre fabric are beautiful. beading and embroidery make it a even more unique top however the shape ruins all of that. first it is nearly a crop top. second  it is boxy and it's attempt to be a swing top only makes it bulky. third  need to size down 2 sizes. had to return this.
This top was so pretty online! unfortunately it did not work for me- the front was a bit more shapeless in person  though the back was gorgeous  with a button gather at center. the color appeared yellow online  but was a bit more green in person. also  the armholes were very low  so it would need a camisole or no bra.
This top has gorgeous embroidery  very very nice  looks good in both wine and grey. it runs large. i kept it around not sure whether i should keep it. i usually wear xl  i ordered l and it still was loose at the bottom but fitted at the top. i have a big bust  and the embroidery ended at the top of my bust making the entire look unflattering  because the bust juts out in a strange way below the embroidery. the arms also tend to look wider due to the style. i don't like the fit at all.
5'1'' 43-31-43. i really wanted to love this coat: the material is nice  the green color is dark and rich  it has a hood. however  the cut is bad for me (and probably a lot of other people). the shoulders were cut too wide and impeded movement  and the bust and hips were cut too tight  overall it was just boxy. i have another boiled wool coat that i bought at retailer about 7 years ago and though it's cut oversize like this one  it has a much fuller sweep  so the proportions still seem right. also
Though the quality is good and the fabric is both sturdy and soft  the cut of this top made this a no-go for me. it's a bit short in front and also boxy  which is emphasized by the dolman sleeves. i ordered the coral color and it was much brighter - almost neon-y - as opposed to the soft salmon color my screen shows. i regretfully returned it.
This actually might be my favorite thing that i have ever owned.  the jacket is so beautiful and so cozy jacket. i agree that the pics do not do this amazing piece justice.  for reference  i am 5'7 140 lbs and bought the large to allow a bit of room for layering.
I love this shirtdress. the lace and collar design pops off the black. super comfortable and love that it has pockets! a keeper  this one not going back ever. i am 5'9 and 140 lbs and the 6 fits perfect. the length comes above my knee  so most likely i will be wearing tights or skinny's underneath.
Dress is much different in person. thin ribbed cotton.  a little tight for xl.    it looks like a throw back dress from contempos.  returned and would not recommend
First of all i love retailer  i am 67 yrs old and my whole closet comes from the store. this jacket is way cute. the color is very nice and the fabric is nice. only complaint is i wish the cuffs were just a bit tighter/smaller.
I hesitated initially buying this because of the unique fit in the neckline and shoulders and because i have broad shoulders. but if you adjust the neck  sleeves and play with the overall fit of the shirt  it works. the boxy airy design has to be paired with something that flows with it (i.e. linen pants) or trusty denim. otherwise you may have a battle on your hands finding a complementary pairing!
I was looking for a romper for a long time which i don't need to care whether to wear bras after taking shower and relax. because of its design with a line on the top  no worries for a relaxed romper. the texture was not as silky as i wished but you will like this if you want a light on weight.
I picked up this t-shirt at my local retailer today  immediately drawn to the super cute  colorful graphics  and the unique stitching at the collar  saying "giddy up!" to go with the cowboys  horses  cacti  and movie camera  (unusually!). the graphics are way cuter in person  as compared to the weirdly wavy-distorted and unclear photos shown online. if all i had seen was these photos  i would never have even noticed or recognized the design. go to your local store to see this in person  and you wi
I love this tank  it is so comfortable but it does have its flaws. it rolls up every time i walk or do anything  it becomes very bothersome.
Omg  i am 5'8 size 14  big hips and i simply love love  love this dress! when i first saw myself in the mirror i just loved the way it fell and gypsy style of it. the material is rich and soft. i caught it on sale under a hundred bucks and it is more than worth it!
This top is much nicer than expected.....the fabric and style are great. i am a size small or medium  and got the small. from the front  it was great. not so much from the back for me. i'm larger on top than bottom and the 5% spandex made it too clingy around the dreaded bra fat area. i don't wear spanx. i wish retailer would be more specific with the fabric content. if i'd known it was 5% spandex  i would have ordered a size medium. i am thinking about doing this because the top is really
- this really is lovely. the overall design from the arms  front  and back makes this poncho unique. it's not too thick  either  making it a nice everyday sort of thing. however  it just didn't work for me. even though i'm 5'9"  ponchos have a tendency to
I have to agree that the fit is unfortunate. i am using a size 2 in retailer and most dresses. i knew to size up based on reviews here. i tried the size 4 and i could barely button the top. the waist fit fine and the underarms was fitted nicely to the body. i sized up to a size 6 and the dress was oversized in the top  with gaping armholes. too bad because the color is beautiful and the style is adorable.
Runs extremely large. i got an xs and am 5'4" 115lbs and this would have fit someone who typically wears a size 10-14 and is 5'6" and above. very disappointed with the size. the quality of the fabric wasn't great either. i wanted it to work so bad but just didn't!
Fits large  wrinkles easily and not what i expected for the price.
My new favorite! i wouldn't have thought twice about this dress handling on a rack in store  but after seeing so many cute pics of ladies in this dress  i caved. i needed a petite  so ordered a sp and xsp. the length on both is perfect. i'm 5'0" and both hit above my knee in front and hit at in back and on sides. i didn't try on a regular in store  but based on the sp/xsp  i'm pretty sure there'd be too much material for a petite frame. the xsp is cut slimmer and if i had a tiny waist  i'd proba
Very comfortable  well made  great with leggings or skinny jeans.
The fringe and fit were beautiful  but the lace with it (a little hard to see in the photo) seemed like an odd pairing -- just too much going on. returning . . . .
Great tank to wear to work or a night out. fits true to size.
Love these pants - they are a perfect color  are of a good weight (i sometimes worry that light-colored pants are going to be see through)  and fit wonderfully. they are true to size and are narrow down the leg - perfect for flats  boots  booties  or sandals for summer!
I love these jeans! you can dress them up or down.
I love the way this dress hangs straight down on the model  but on me it looked tacky.  i'm 5'6 and 130 lbs  and this dress hit me in all the wrong places.  i got a size small- sizing up would be huge in the top of the dress (and the arm holes are already dangerously large).  i wish this were just a little bit a-line.  instead  it's literally like someone just extended the length of a t-shirt.
Even though this is an online exclusive  i was able to try on a one off in the store. i have been looking for a cross front dress and the other option currently at retailer (the black and white striped top version) in a similar length) looked awkward. this dress looks great on but i needed the xs. i usually wear a 2. it was cute and i came online to see if the xs was available but it is sold out. the dress would be perfect if it had pockets!
This is a very lightweight  comfy sweater jacket. i wanted to love but didn't find it "special" enough for the price. i am usually between a small and medium and tried on both sizes in the gray and the navy. the small fit snug in the shoulder but i liked how the layering showed at the bottom of the front. that look was lost on the medium  though the general fit was better. in the end  the looked medium too sloppy for my taste  and the small felt too small.
This is a fantastic top to wear with the paige high wasted flair jeans. love it
As another reviewer mentioned  maeve really needs to get their sizing under control and more consistent. i ordered a 4  and while it fits  i think a 6 would be more comfortable in the arms and shoulders (and i'm a thin build). the length on this was also a little weird to me...a little swingy/flared  but also short  making me feel like i'd always be playing with it while wearing. the orange print is absolutely adorable  i just wish the cut were more similar to past buttondowns that maeve has don
The colors are so pretty  a pinkish brown and a light brown trim. it is very soft and elegant looking. great with jeans or leggings. the tie is a little high in back but looks great. highly recommend!
Saw this on the mannequin and tried it on just for kicks:  ________  pros:  - breathable fabric  all cotton  with a lovely color.  ________  cons:  - runs large  which is the style of the top anyhow. however  i was swimming in the medium (and i normally fit in size 10/12 or m/l tops with retailer stuff. you can easily size down and have plenty of room left. but if you like it really baggy  then stick with your normal size. for reference  i'm a 36c and hourglass and had ample room in a medium.  - s
I had high hopes for this top  as it looked great online. unfortunately it was much more ruffly in person and not my style at all. it was a lot of fabric and poofed out too much -- reminded me of a child's top. sad to return it!
These pants are 100% true to size (whatever that means anymore...i'm a 26 in paige and ag.  i'm 5''6  weigh around 115  have long legs and i ordered the 0p.  the zero petite are still a little long  with a slight heel they're perfect.  they don't have stretch in them  but do to the fit and fabric...the material does expand  because they're thin and breezy.  i absolutely love them.  can't wait to order other colors of the same style.  these are my new favorite pants.
This dress is really stunning - can be dressed up or down with a jean jacket really easily. runs quite a bit small in the bust (i ordered a 16 to accommodate) but it is really very pretty. i love this brand- they always have such lovely pieces.
Got lots of complements on this one. worn to work with skinny pants and a chunky necklace. classic look with a twist. would also look adorable with jeans as shown.
I am absolutely shocked that so many people love this dress. maybe i should have sized up and reconsidered  but i still don't think it would have worked. the fabric is very soft but that's where it's qualities  for me  ended. the knot felt huge to me and definitely added unnecessary size to my already curvy hips. (for reference i'm 5'4" and 125  hourglass. 32dd .) the cut at the bottom also felt very strange and restrictive to me  like i would have had to take smaller steps to walk around in it.
It's really cute but seems expensive for the type of fabric. i thought it would be more substantial. got lots of compliments .
Tiny are experts at making busy bohemian shirtdresses that look casual but retain a feminine drape.  it skims over my trouble spots without adding bulk.  this is my fourth dress from this label and it does not disappoint.  for my frame and style i chose tts but those of slender & petite builds may want to size down.  for reference i am 5'3" 140# 36dd.
This dress was very boxy and unflattering. i really wanted to like it because the blue and white details were so pretty but it had to go back.
The fabric is very thin. i have seen this comment on several sundry reviews  but its hard to imagine how thin the fabric is until you see it in person. i could put a cami under it - but it was also rather short on me. i don't usually have trouble with shirts running short and can even sometimes wear petite sizes since i am only 5'4".
Very cozy lounge tee  but runs large. i ordered a small rather than my usual medium and could of probably went down two sizes.
I tried on this shirt in the small and the xxs - both were ridiculously wide. they were also both cut really short - the peplum basically started right below my boobs  though the small was maybe a little bit longer than the eex. the stripes are really cute  the cut is just very strange.     for reference  the black and white is the small  the taupe is the xxs.
I truly feel guilty wearing these outdoors. it is incredibly comfortable  so much so that i asked the sales girl if these were pjs or actually worn out. i'm usually between a s and m. both fit fine  but i went with the m to have a bit more room and allow the top to be a bit more "flannel" flowy. the top has enough length that i can actually let it droop over the waist bet a bit. the length is definitely upper thigh on me (5'8" @ 145)  but rest assured  nothing is hanging out. it's actually the p
Purchased this in the wine color and love it! the detail at the neck at the bottom hem gives it an extra flair. i went with a small so that it was more fitted. love that it is stylish and comfortable. paired with knee high boots given it length but could also work well with short boots  like the photo.
I am sure these pants are right for someone  just not me. i am wider in the hips  and they just were really unflatering. the fabric is very lightweight  which i wasn't expecting  and so while the pleats are interesting  with my hips they ended up hitting in just the wrong place. the waist was also much lower than i expected -- not low rise  but i'm used to thinking high waist with wide legs. in short  these pants are probably great on some body types  just not mine. also very long. i'm 5-8 and a
I absolutely love this sweater. it's super soft and the grey/white version is lovely. it's definitely more cropped (i'm 5'7)  but looks great with high waisted jeans or a pencil skirt.     so cozy!
I want to love this dress. the colors and the fabric are absolutely beautiful. it is definitely a swing-dress. much wider than i expected...and i sized down. there is also a strange pooch in the shape around the middle. i am keeping it because i am in love with the the colors and print  and it looks very flattering when paired with a black denim jacket  just not alone.
Nice fabric  very versatile but the knit top and style accentuates your bust. probably not an issue for most but if your a d or up it's more attention than you may want.
This dress has a much more flattering fit than appears! it has curves and fits tts. the fabric is fairly heavy  nice quality polyester and will be just the right weight for a nocal wedding. the back straps nicely cover foundations so even though it's open you don't need special undergarments. the color in the pic is spot on. don't be deceived by the "turquoise" moniker.
They look nice on the page  but they didn't work on my body. made me look big and boxy. maybe if you're super-skinny  they'll be fine.
Fabulous colors  great fabric  super comfy and extremely versatile. i love  love  love this skirt. although i'm only 5'1"  the regular 2 was still above my knee so it might be a bit short for really tall gals. the waistband is a bit wide  but with a cropped top or tying a button down as shown  i found it very flattering. love the texture of the fabric and the slightly retro print and it doesn't seem to wrinkle (after getting out the original packaging creases). it honestly goes with everything a
Free and easy but the fabric seems cheap.
I am 5'0"  109lbs  32d  and the 0 petite fit tts. the fabric is comfortable and the dress well made. my only complaint would be that the picture of the model and the dress i have in my possession do not have the same coloured slip. my dress arrived with a nude slip. i was a little confused at first but when i tried on the dress i realized it was not a bad thing. the lace actually stands out. all in all  a greal buy. discounts make it worth it too.
It was cute. i didn't keep it because it wasn't soft and hung a bit different than pictured. i thought it would be softer material. it was itchy
I purchased this lovely blouse to go with slim cropped stretchy pants. good for bum coverage while still looking sleek and tailored. i purchased the medium instead of small as this is a true fitted button up style and i wanted to avoid the gaping at bust. the arm holes are fitted nicely as well  no bra exposure. looks very nice on. on point for sure?.   (for reference i'm 5'5" 34dd  ruler shaped figure narrow shoulders and usually a small or medium at retailer.)
The perfect flowy fall top! the material is thin so it may pick a little  but i love it.
I tried this on in-store because i needed a cozy cardigan  but i did not buy it because i felt the quality was poor. it shed all over everything i tried on with it  and i left the store with little balls of sweater flufff all over my pants. disappointed.
This jacket is beautiful. the color is so nice and the cut of the jacket is perfect. however  one i put it on  i couldn't wait to get it off. it's so itchy!! i tried putting on a long sleeve shirt under it but was still uncomfortable. especially around my neck. i wouldn't recommend this jacket based on the material alone. also  the jacket runs large. i'm 5'1" 130 lbs 34d and i ordered the small. i would definitely size down.
True to size and lovely colors. bought this for my granddaughter and she loved it.
I'm 5' tall and 95 pounds and ordered this in an xxsp.  it's a little loose but still looks really attractive on my body.  it's warmer and thicker than i thought it would be and lined.  i love it!  taller petites might want to size into regular because even on my super-petite body it hit a few inches above the knees - perfect length for me but will hit higher for those taller.  it's going to become a staple!
I'm so happy i purchased this cardigan!! every time i've worn it i've actually gotten compliments  from both women and men:) i was slightly undecided at first due to it's quite pricey  but i think the quality is amazing and the pattern will actually last a long time as a keeper  not just a quick trend!! i'm so happy i snagged it before it ran out!!\ i have quite muscular upper arms  and the medium fits me well. the sleeves do have some give in them  and even though i'm also broad across my shoul
This is a beautiful  artistic piece for your wardrobe! seriously  rosie neira is a talented  london-based designer  who will thrill you with her vision. she is expert at making a woman look amazing from every direction; these knits are stunning  the materials and workmanship flawless. the medium fits me as expected (size 8  medium top  34f). i was drawn to this by the rosie neira label  the flowing front drape and slightly longer back  the gorgeous knit quality and design  and the way it makes m
I love this top! i was hesitant about purchasing based on the other reviews but i'm so happy i decided to order this beautiful top! i'm 5'4" 115lbs and the xs fits great. it does run a lititle big but i like slightly over-sized tops with skinny jeans. the xxs probably would have worked as well. i definitely reccomend giving this top a try but size down if you are going for a more fitted look. the lace detail give this staple piece a nice added detail!
I am pleased with this skirt. the jean material is of good quality and it hangs right on my waist and hips. i ordered a 2 which left a little room in the waist to tuck in a blouse. i am 5/5 and 119. it works well for work and leisure.
This looks like the perfect easy sweater with the white shirt appeal to it  but sadly the fit of this number is really off. it looks more like a tent. it must have been clipped in the back or something. i cannot see any scenario in which this would look good...
Not sure why this dress was once backordered? if you have a big chested basically falls from your chest straight down and gives you know figure. disappointing. i will be returning it. not meant for big chested fit woman.
I tried these on in the store  and they are super cute but run small. i typically wear a size 25 (i'm 5' 5" and 108 lbs.) and they were too tight for me. i like the fabric and the cut; i think they'd be great one size up. (my store didn't have them.)
I fell in love with this top when i tried it on at the store. it's a great fall piece. it is see-through around the bust  so a nude bra or any color camisole would have to be worn. my only thing is that it seems a little dressy  so i'm wondering how much i'll wear it. i work from home so everything has to be somewhat casual. so  i do recommend it  but i'm undecided as to if i'm going to keep it. for reference  i'm a 34d with a thin upper body and took a size medium.
A little boxy but will be a go to basic. the off set ruffle gives interest
Good quality fabric and structure but the mix media details and lines make them seem more like jodphurs than leggings. it's hard to see where i would wear them ... sorry but they have to go back.
I have come to scoop up basically ever elevenses jumpsuit that they release because they are perfection - always the perfect fit and quality fabric. i'm on the taller side at 5'7" and found this to fit perfectly  yet somehow it looks equally as perfect on shorter ladies i saw in the dressing room. awesome!
I saw these sweaters in the store this fall and took a pass - they didn't look cute and i thought they wouldn't be cute on  because the little pockets looked droopy --but i was so wrong! once they went on sale  i took a chance b.c. i needed a black lightweight cardigan for a trip. ordered a size small and it fits perfect - so cute  i just love it! glad i bought it at the sale price because now i'm even happier!
So  i want to start off by saying  the quality of this shirt really was great. as was the pattern  unfortunately if you're going off the picture know that they definitely pinned in the sides on the model. this shirt has a full on triangle shape and flares significantly towards the bottom  it's not a straight fit as the picture would suggest. i'm sure this works for some women but if you're muscular with an already v-shape to your body (meaning your shoulders are significantly sized and you have
The top looks better on the model than in-person. it fits loose and looks boxy and matronly. i don't like the sleeve length or the top style  it just didn't look flattering or good. i am sending it back. looks very boxy.
Love  love this tunic. my size 4 fits perfectly with a little room  material is very soft and very comfortable. could be worn with leggings or with a belt as a dress...so many options. so worth it!!!
This dress fits pretty much how it looks on the model. the fabric is soft and the stripes are a goldish color. i bought this because of the other reviews and glad i did! perfect dress for work and going out. the petite hits me mid-thigh like in the photo.
This is really cute but does run large  if your in between sizes size down. the fabric at the front is super bulky but with a smaller size could be ok? it is so itchy  imo uncomfotably so! i would have returned for a smaller size had it not been so uncomfortable  ugh why! i loved the sleeves  very cute bell. and the back hung nicely. they need to make this in a cotton  vocoder and no wool! loved bit couldnt bear it.
This vest is the one thing i will wear all year round. i couldn't wait for this to arrive  it looks and fits just like the pictures. great quality and value  is very stylish and adds a little flair to a simple top and jeans outfit. i have worn it several times and  in addition to looking great does keep you warm.
Just a warning. i am always a 6 or 8 and even the 8 was so tight in the waist i could barely out this on. if you don't have a super tiny upper waist  this won't fit well. too bad  because it's super cute  if a bit sheer.
This top looks great on the model -- a petite frame  small-busted body.  i am 5'2" and have a large bust and curvy hips. this top hit in all the wrong places. the front looks very cropped and frumpy  if you have a large bust. the width of the top of very boxy.  the top is very soft and comfortable and the color is pretty.
This top looks good on model and has great reviews online. however it did not work on my bodytype. when i tried it the slit in the front sat too low. i don't like showing cleavage because i dress conservatively. other than that i would have loved wearing it. arm cut is not too big such it shows sides of bra bands. overall fit is loose and drapery.
Gorgeous in every way except its length and how it hangs at the bottom. i prefer a shirt i can wear tucked in or out. this one will work well tucked in but not out so i am returning disappointed it was so well done in other particulars.
It gets a little old to receive products over and over that do not match the photo or description of the product  retailer! the photo shows a black pant with blue colored striping. the pants that i got are black with green and brown striping. i find the color combination in the photo to be what i wanted and since the fit was nice (albeit short and i'm only 5'5" tall) i would have kept these. unfortunately  the pants that i got are nowhere close to the description so i will be returning them. the f
First of all  mine arrived in a regular denim shade  not the dark wash shown. also  the style is more like a blazer  and it was huge. i am 5'2" and ordered the petite xs but even xxs would have looked like a baggy blazer. as well  the sleeves came barely past my wrists  they are designed to cuff as the model has done? perhaps on someone taller and younger it would look edgy and chic! the quality is excellent with some nice details. this might be one to try in person  if you can.
I liked the colors of this dress and the material was fine  but i could not tell from the pictures that the seams at the waist are atypical and frankly unflattering. they are scalloped at the hips  so it looks horrible if you have any hips at all.
This one didn't work for me. ordered this and the riverdeck tee as similar vein. riverdeck was cute and flattering cut. this one was boxy on me and didn't work. a bit too wide so sending back.
I liked the color of this top but i didn't really like the ruffled stitching around the middle. it looks like someone just tacked on the bottom half. i bought this for my daughter and she likes it. i think it is comfortable and a good top to knock around in.
This is a very cute designed shirt but it fits very boxy and runs large
Bought this dress without trying it on but listened to the previous reviews saying this ran small and wow does it. i usually wear a 6 but ordered an eight which was hard to get on even with the upsizing. i do have a 34ddd bust so i do have a difficult time when dresses have no stretch over give in that area. overall beautiful dress  fabric is not stretchy which killed it for me.
I tried this jacket on and it was definitely cute but a couple things to note. it's a wool acrylic blend and it was already starting to pill from being tried on in the store. also  it's unlined. i thought the price point was high given its fibers and unlined. given its hem  i wonder how much longevity the piece has and how quickly it might start to look dated too.
This jacket is surprisingly soft and comfy. i'd been debating getting a leather jacket in this style but when i saw this it seemed a great option. seems to be very versatile.
I wanted to love this sweater. the lavender color and design with the pleated back was beautiful. however when i put it on  it added at least 20 pounds to my frame. unfortunately it's going back since the cut just doesn't work on my frame.
When i saw these in the store i liked how they were different from usual leggings and  the nice fabric weight. i especially liked how they were not tight at the ankle and fit similar to a pair of ankle pants. since i wanted a slightly looser fit  i usually wear a 2/4 i went w a medium. can't wait for the weather to get colder so i can wear them with a sweater and ankle boots.
I can't believe this top hasn't sold out. it is a great casual top that will go well with anything. i agree with previous reviewer that talked about sizing up to cover straps. i did size up to a large but it didn't get huge around the midsection. i got the red and it will go great with pilcro khakis or denim.
I bought this dress last week for a wedding next summer. it did not appeal to me on the hanger  but once i tried it on  i was so impressed. the green color is lovely and it is lightweight and airy  and it does have a lining which is a plus. i love the little ruffle sleeves and the tie in the back is perfect. there have been comments about the hemline being awkward but the length on me was perfect and has just the right amount of flounce to be feminine. i can't wait to wear this dress! (i am 5'6"
Fun socks you will want to show off. design is printed on a relatively thin (trouser sock).
This dress in coral is a beautiful color and awesome material. only problem is it runs a little big- i am a pretty true to size small and should've ordered an xs- the hips are a little wide and v in the neck a little low. instead of sending back i just wore a camisole and leggings w ankle boots and it looked very cute regardless.
Fits well  soft and comfortable
I saw this online and loved it. i wanted to wait for a sale and a promotion  but this tee-shirt sold out in the color holly. completely sold out but for petite. i bought a s and a m. the small works. it is comfortable. it can be dressy or very casual. i bought the white and the carbon. it is a different style on a tee. if you notice the front neck and the bottom of the back you will see what i mean. i recommend this highly. i can't imagine anyone not liking it.
I thought these pants had a great fit and the color is fabulous  i would have preferred a 30 inch inseam  but 31 is by far better than 34  that many designer jeans at department stores run.
I'm 5'5  145lbs and i'm usually a small/medium depending on the vendor. i bought this shirt in a red  medium and love it. yes  it's boxy and a little big but lays nicely and i think it's meant to be a bit big. i've worn a black cami underneath and the shoulder hangs off a little to the side giving a little extra sexy look to it. this shirt washes well per instructions  didn't shrink or loose it's shape and i've washed it three times now. i've had many compliments on how cute this shirt is  love
I ordered these hoping they would look like the model - but they didn't. i am small but curvy. it hugged too tightly in the hips so sadly  these pants are going back.
Very cute dress  just way too big. i ordered it online  wish i would have gone a size smaller.
Oh yes. another sequin top to add to my collection. it is sparkly without being glittery- if you know what i mean. can definitely dress down as it is tee shirt- like. lots of options for this one. tts.  much better in person than the online pics.
Agree with other reviewers the jacket is better in person than on model very nice jacket model does it no justice
I saw this in my local retailer  and was blown away by how soft it was! the minute i tried it on  i didn't want to take it off. for being a boxy cut  it was surprisingly flattering. i have a large chest and normally wear an xl in retailer clothes  but i could easily zip the size large all the way up. this is the perfect hoodie to wear running errands on the weekend  or with a pretty blouse on under it at work. i know i'll get a ton of use out of it  so i recommend it!
I purchased this jumpsuit in the store and i am so pleased with it. i am usually a 10 or 12 top and the large was good. the med was too tight on my bust. love the print very feminine without looking like pjs. cream background is beautiful. fabric is light and cool and i love the pockets. i was hesitant about the short length but i like it. this is a special piece. it's hard to find jumpsuits like this.
One of my new absolute favs! so elegant and flattering. the dress is as appears online and it is true to size. i purchased my usual size 4 with 27" waist  chest 34 b/c. note  that there is not a lot of give to the fabric  so busty women may need to size up. purchased with the minuet necklace!
Although i love the soft feel of the sweater  the zig zag design was very unflattering. also  the length is much shorter than appears in the picture. i will be returning it.
This bra is very cute and pretty comfortable. i usually wear between a 34d in elle mcpherson and this fit perfect. i got it in black and while it's really cute i was surprised how different the color looked in person vs. online. online it looked to me to have some purple to it  but it is definitely 100% black in person (just an fyi). i also thought the tassel was cute  but it does look a little cheap and flimsy in person. still a great bra.
Love this sweater/jacket. fit is good and the colors are just right  not to bright and not boring. the shawl color takes a wee bit of adjusting but is worth the extra minute or so. also has a hood built into shawl that when not in use can not be seen  very cool. have worn it a couple of times and always get compliments.
It looks great on the model but not on me. on me  it looked more like a sack of potatoes. the fabric is unexpected for the style in my opinion. it is very thick. i'll be returning it because it is not flattering on me.
A nice alternative to jeans  good fit. i like the casual but edgy rocker look they have. will look good with booties and full length boots. i took the same size that i do in all pilcro pants.
I should have listened to the reviews that said this top was too boxy  but i didn't believe them and bought it anyway. i was wrong! this top is so boxy and wide  just awful.
Beautiful top but runs a whole size small. gave to my daughter who loved!
So cute. modest length. perfect with a flowy top and wedges for date night or t-shirt and flip flops for a little dressier daytime. love the colors
These jeans didn't fit like i thought   based on the model. i usually wear 25   but these were snug and i i have snug jeans   lots of them and i wanted looser   flared jeans  kind of a 60's look. not these. a bigger size wouldn't have improved it . they are a perfectly good jean   love the color but not what i wanted .
Cute sweater. snap was broken when i received it. and i looked for it at local stores and they are all out of stock. ugh!
It's like a work of art  but sadly  not flattering on me. i absolutely loved the look  and even considered taking it to a tailor  but the material overall is very stiff. if you're teeny tiny and need something to give you the illusion of hips  you might love it. very sad to return this.
I saw the photo of the young woman wearing this dress in the reviews and she looked beautiful  i on the other hand looked awful. the fabric of the entire dress is quite stiff  so the dress didn't move with me; it sort of felt as if i was wearing a paper cut out. then to contribute to the volume  the sleeve is not set in  it is a raglan style  that on me looked more like a bat suit  than what i was hoping for  a beautiful distinctive dress for an important affair. also the belt didn't enhance the
I was so excited to wear this shirt  even after reading the review that it curls up i decided to give this shirt a shot  and i found that the same thing happened to me. it also clings tightly to the body. i would not recommend this shirt for anyone with broad shoulders.
I was sooo excited to buy this top and it was such a bummer. this top hangs so poorly and is so droopy under the arms. it's clearly poorly made and the sizing was way off on me. i ordered my usual medium and it was so large and wide that i had to return it. it weirdly fit perfectly in the shoulders and arm length as mediums do for me but was so wide and unflattering for my figure (5'8 and athletic). i really wanted to like this top and considered ordering a small to see if it would fit better bu
I love love love these bright red jeans. they fit great  they're super soft and comfortable  and the bright red is a great punch of color. only sad about how expensive they are. at that price point  i decided to return them  but am hoping they get marked down!
I'm happy the other reviewers made this dress work because it looked terrible on me. i'm 5 9" and 128 lbs and it made me look like i had gained 25 lbs. as others have said  the pockets make the dress even worse-it's very hard to get them to lay flat. the material is lovely  soft and i liked the gray color  but this dress made me feel like i was wearing something from an asylum.
The pattern is cute and vibrant  and the shillouette is simple  but the courderoy felt too heavy and stiff and it was too small around the chest for me (36dd).
I agree with other reviews  soft  cozy and love the embroidery and beading. it is a bit wrinkly even after i ironed it but overall happy with this blouse.
I ordered this top because 1. the online product page states the fabric is cotton. 2. i liked the style with the scarf insets. 3. the colorful embroiderey would be a welcome companion for my many pairs of pilcro chinos.    when i opened the package several tiny round beads rolled out. after examining the detailing  i found where the beads were missing.    size: i normally wear a small for most retailer brands  but i know nothing about slone rouge. i went with a small since it appears oversized on
It turned out exactly as i'd hoped - very well made and very classy!
This coat is so lovely  it is the embodiment of 1940's classic movie star style. the color  the style  the collar add a subtle flair of drama that you definitely want in your wardrobe .... if only it weren't for those pesky buttons! like other reviewers  i am disappointed to note that within a month of owning  the top button popped off in the middle of a dinner date on a rainy night in a french restaurant. that same night  i noticed a button was missing from one of the sleeves. alas  i am as yet
The fit  the length  the color  the fabric... cannot say anything negative at all! the sales associates at the store where i tried them on said they had just gotten them in  and she could not wait to see how they looked on. they were just as awed as i was! the pants can easily be dressed up or down.. the brown color is so  so  beautiful! i would expect these to be twice the price for such a high quality pant.  i consider it a timeless cut and can worn for seasons to come.
I was very disappointed in the quality of this top. the first time i wore it it snagged right in the front. i had to pull the thread under so it wasn't exposed. i put it in the wash in the gentle cycle and it was destroyed with several more snags when i removed it from the machine. this top is extremely delicate and doesn't withstand normal everyday casual wear although it's s casual lightweight sweater. now it's just a wear around the house ratty throw around shirt.
Super cute but the fabric was so thin & flimsy i was afraid it would fall apart once it was washed so returned it.
Was going to order this top in orange but could not decide what size. i am either a large or xl. i found that the top was in stock in a local retailer in white and went to try it for size. first  the top is huge. i tried the large on and it fit me across the bust and shoulders nicely. the rest of the top was like a large tent. the white is an off white and really is not attractive looking. in fact  in the store  it was displayed with a jacket over it. online  the orange looks completely different 
Another tent-like tee. this shirt is thin but not in a bad way and the color and design are really nice. but...it is really boxy and i'm just tired of that look. the longer sleeves are a plus for fall.
This top is a great  versatile long sleeved shirt. i'm 5'10" and the sleeves were long for me  so i don't know why it's listed as 3/4 length. i could see where sleeve length would be a problem for more petite ladies. the wine color is beautiful. it is slightly more fitted than the picture  i was afraid it might be semi-sheer  but its totally fine. i wish it was a bit longer in the torso  but it's not short like some sweaters this season. i do tend to have a shorter torso  so a tall lady with a l
I stopped into a store near me specifically to try these on given how adorable they look here. while i liked them  i didn't love them. i love some stretch  so that part was good. however  the denim was much thinner and lighter colored than they look to me online here.       i really want to love them  though their light color has me less enthusiastic. another reviewer also mentioned a butt-flattening effect  which i noticed also. i might have sprung for them anyway  they do have a cute shape  bu
I finally found this dress in store today and wow! i cannot believe this cheap looking dress is from ms! they have been among the top at retailer and this unlined  baggy  cheap velvet sub is a shock! what happened? only the color is nice. please get back to yourself ms!
I love ag for their soft  stretchy denim and flattering fit. bought these today and couldn't be happier! i usually order stevies in the petite ankle size  but the "regular" capri length fit perfectly skimmed my ankle.
I really wish i could keep this top. the material is okay and i have noticed with this brand  shirts made from this material do not wash well or look that nice after a wash. if you have the time to dry clean then i would 100% recommend this top. another tip if you buy this (since i didn't read the description) the top has buttons all down the front. i am not a fan of button tops because i have a larger chest so i wouldn't recommend this top to someone who is busty.
I ordered this skirt because the 4 i tried on in store was huge and the 2 was way too small. the sizing was an issue so i thought i would try another 4. the skirt that arrived by mail was so wrinkled it was obvious that a day of wear would turn it into a nightmare of unflattering creases and stretched out areas. i like the concept of the design with the button front and a-line "princess" seams in the front and back  but i just feel the fabric in this skirt has too much stretch. i returned it.
These pants fit wonderfully. perfect for casual day i had planned at a music festival when it was still a little chilly out. they fit just like my skinny ag jeans  but have a more relaxed feel in that they uber skinny. held up well all day.
I wanted to love these  but they're so tight around the top. my legs are normal size and i couldn't get them above my knee. the top isn't stretchy...it has a string that keeps it from expanding. they are so very cute  but unfortunately must go back for me.
I get so many compliments when i wear this... colors are great and print is unique. perfect for fall.
The top itself is beautiful and colors are like pictured. my only issue was the size. i went for medium ( i'm usually m or l) and i'm 5'4" so i can get away with regular and pettite. this top was way too long. looked like dress on me. i'm sending it back for exchange
Just received two  the red and the black. the black is a great print  very versatile. both run large  but the black most significantly so. the red is close enough to fitting to keep. the black shows my bra b/c it is so large and the armholes cut far too deeply. (the red also shows a fair amount of the armpit area  but (barely) covers my bra.    the material is somewhat thinner than expected  but not so sheer that a skin-toned bra wouldn't be sufficient.
Uncomfortable in the leg area  but otherwise very flattering.
This blouse is very versatile. it can be worn with jeans or dress pants. great fall color.   it is very sheer and you will need to wear something under it. it's pretty in person with an original print design.
I found this dress at my local retailer must be a web order return i feel in love with it once i put it on its better in person that online but it does run a little tight in the chest area  it was fine for me as i'm not big busted
I absolutely love these shorts. i do  however feel they run on the large side. i am 5'1" and normally wear a 24  25  0 or 00 and bought these in an xs. i would have gotten an xxs if they were available  but that was not an option. they are a little baggy  but they are so great i could not pass them up. these are too good to pass on.
Dress cut was great  but the collar was so oblong that it looked space-age.
I don't know how to explain  but this dress at least for me did not look like the model  first off the dress is extremely heavy and extremely long and then where the fur starts  for me it didn't start at the right spot so it was very awkward looking... so definitely not for my type of body  i am normal height (5'5''  athletic and curvy body) but maybe for a very tall person looks good! the material is very interesting  it's so soft!
These are great  casual  comfy pants for summer. i'm 5'1"  95lbs  usually a 25 or 26 in pants. the reg 25 was a better fit than the 26p.
I love these jeans  but they run small. i recommend ordering one size up.
I did not like this cashmere sweater at all. i ordered the pink which was more of a peach color. although the color was very pretty the material was very thin and cheap looking . it was also very short . not worth the money even at 40% off.
This sweater is beautiful  especially in the bordeaux color. the cable knit in varying directions makes it interesting and unique and the length is great for us short waisted ladies. my big issue with this sweater is the sleeves. there really are no sleeves  just arm holes at the same level as the hem of the sweater  so you feel as if you need to keep your arms pinned to your sides to keep from lifting the sweater up to expose your midsection  or pushing the sleeves way up  which then results in
I loved the color of this shirt but it does run big. i even sized down and it was still large on me and the ruffles flare out a bit which was not flattering one me. it looks pretty on the hangar.
This is a very classy sweater/jacket. it is a beautiful color. i had not even noticed it until it was on sale  and then read all the favorable reviews. it can be dressy or casual as seen in this photo! so glad i got it!
As soon as i tried on this cardigan i knew i had to have it. it takes your outfit to a glam and high end look. the fabric is oh so soft and i loved how it draped. the sleeves hang low and give you a vintage feel. i would give this a 5 star rating however  the downside to this cardigan is the shedding! it shed all over my black pants when i wore it  and on my friends too! :( i really went back and forth on returning this  but i think it's so beautiful i am keeping it. i am hoping over time the sh
I was very excited to get this but very disappointed once it arrived. the fabric on the back is thin and clingy. i think you'd have to wear a slip underneath. cute design on the front but sadly it's going back.
I ordered my usual size small in this top (34c) and it just fits across the chest. very cute top.
I wanted to love this dress. i pre-ordered it and waiting 2 weeks for it arrive. when it arrived the dress was much more pleated than i thought. i'm not sure if i misunderstood the images  but i did not know the dress was going to being pleated all over  i just thought that the fabric had a texture. the print is adorable but the shape of the dress was not flattering on me. i am pretty straight down with somewhat wide hips  but the fabric of the dress made me look larger than i am. i think this w
I tried these on when they were full price and waited for them to go on sale and was very excited when they did! i'm not the type to buy leather pants but these look like i can dress them up or down and dress them like jeans. i'm a size 26 in pants but i bought size 25. i highly recommend!
I wanted to love this dress  however it has no shape to it. it is also somewhat see through  so something needs to be worn under it. i feel like i received a dress that has been stretched out and returned. i'm extremely disappointed. i do not recommend.
I have this in another color and it is my absolute fav! transform any outfit! it has an over-sized fit.
Love this dress! can be dressed down or up for dresser occasions. i did order a petite which i usually don't do but due to the length being so long but the petite is just right hitting a couple inches below the knee. i'm 5'4"
I bought this dress in the store and realized that it was a little too long for my frame...i'm 5'1. i then found it online in the same size but in petite and it fits perfectly! i got a ton of compliments and i wore it to a holiday wedding and am planning on wearing it to several other occasions over the holidays. would def recommend this dress.
Straight out of the mail  this cozy soft adorable charming sweater was *full* of little pills. i love the embroidery  the swingy slightly oversized fit that doesn't overwhelm and the high snuggle factor. wish this came in other colors and was knitted with a less fussy yarn.
Giving 3.5 stars due to how big this dress runs. i am 5' 118lbs and i was swimming in the xs. it is a beautiful dress  just beware it runs very large.
This top looks even better in person! the fit is very flattering and the fabric is comfortable. i highly recommend it!
Dress caught my eye on the rack so i thought i'd try it on. the dress has lovely blue stripes (hard to discern in the online photo) which makes it a great year-round piece. however  like others have commented  it is too low to wear to work. will consider alternations to close the v-neck if the dress is marked down beyond its current sale price.
These jeans are great  however they are very long. i am 5'4 and i should have ordered a petite size. even though i never have to buy petite size pants. wish they made these a bit shorter.
I love pilcros and tried everything to get these to work. one size down  two sizes down  no matter what  they just don't look right. the droopy look didn't work for me.
This top has nice quality lace but the layout is strange! it wouldn't stay under my boobs but kept creeping up and looked strange! not for girls with a chest!
36dd  10/12 in tops  12/14 in bottoms  very soft and warm sweater  the boucle body almost feels like comfy pajamas! lovely heathered pasted colors as well. i found the large to be too big - the sleeves fit fine as they are a tighter knit  but the body sagged oddly. medium was the best fit.
I wore this out to a dinner-party that was thrown for me  and people loved the surprise back. i have a few lace back shirts  but this one is gorgeous and sexy. i am incredibly cautious about the lace  however. it is so delicate. no issues  but just be careful!
This basketweave bikini top in fractals red by mara hoffman is my favorite right now. soft  fully lined  and reversible to pale pink as are the matching basketweave bikini bottoms. the pattern looks like a vibrant watercolor painting with some fuzzy edges.   .  i got the size 's' according to the size guide on the mara hoffman site. i'm 5'2" currently 33-25-37ish without a bra on (bra size 30d  32c  even a 28dd if i can find it). the front coverage is perfect. it also fits around the back  but i
My firned tried this on and her first comment was "take it off  it is scratchy"  so i didn't bother trying it on. it is  however  beautiful  if you are not sensitive to scratchy material. fit was true to size.
I thought this skirt would fit just over the knee with a nice flowy build. instead it fit rather baggy and was longer than i expected. i felt dowdy in it.
Love the multi textured look of this top! to me it's like a modern take on a classic sweatshirt. i'm 5'4 and loved the length. to me it is tts  but bigger busted girls may want to size up. i'm a 34b for reference.
I am 5'6" and the neckline barely covers my bra -- would have to wear a cami with it. the fabric is soft  and the colors are very pretty. but the neckline is too low for me for a casual top.
I saw this in the store on a mannequin in baltimore.....and i had to try it. it almost felt more like a sweatshirt than a true sweater. i found the top to be a shaped. smaller at the shoulders and chest and widening as it went down. the sleeves were rolled up which showed a soft peachy look underneath  which was cute. but i am on the fence on to which size to go with. like other reviewers have said  if you go up a size for shoulder comfort it gets a bit too swingy on the bottom. the length was n
Wished this had worked for me! however  i prefer smaller armholes so my bra and skin (not so young anymore) don't show. the beige lining shows at the armholes as well. on the upside  it's very slimming even with the stiff petticoat. so cute! perfect length for me. another caveat -- if your back is not completely symmetrical  as mine isn't  the decorative back straps sit in a wonky position. i'm 98 lbs  4' 10"  and the oop was perfect but for the above objections.
I saw this in the store in a display and tried it on. i got it in the sky color which is a lavender blue color. the front and back are both cute. this top can be dressed up or worn with jeans.
I have been looking for a nice  white tunic and i should have known when i saw this was one size fits all. maybe because i am petite (5'2") but there was so much material hanging everywhere that it made me look even shorter and fat. who wants that? so sending it back.
I am on the fence about this one. the length is great. it hits right above my knee at 5'1. overall it was larger than i was hoping. the waist is pretty loose  and i really had to tightly tie the back to get s good shoulder fit. the bottom is very voluminous making me look wide. i wish they had it in a petite size. for this price  i will probably return it. it's not worth the 300 price tag.
This top hit at my hips not as it appears on the model in the photo  and i am short at 5' 2". cute top  but shorter than i had expected and definitely not a tunic style.
I saw that there was metallic detail when i ordered it  but i wasn't prepared for the entire thing to be metallic. it fit tts  but wasn't what i was looking for.
This is a very flattering blouse. gorgeous detail with the beading!
The tshirt is comfy and has a little curve on the tail which is fun!
This top is sold out in my size online but i was fortunate enough to snag one in the store. great top that can be dressed up or down. the ruching across the front is very slimming. tried the top with skirts and pants -- looks great with everything! i usually wear a size small in deletta tops but sized up to a medium to accommodate my chest (i am a full c cup). i highly recommend this purchase.
Just got this in the mail yesterday and i want so badly to love it but it's just a little too big and boxy. i'm 5'5"  125lbs and ordered a small but i really wish i'd ordered the xs. not sure if i'll exchange or just return. seems high quality and the pattern is gorgeous. it's basically exactly what i'm looking for until i actually put it on and then it just kind of looks like i'm wearing my grandpa's old sweater.
Love this tank!! the cotton is very soft which also allows some flow. i've worn this to yoga  and to teach barre and cardio dance and it's a hit! as a life-long dancer  this was a must have. my only negative is since the sizing is either xs/s or m/l  it may run too big or too small for some. i tyically wear a m or 6 in retailer tops and this is a little large in m/l; however  not to the point of being distracted with straps falling or the like. highly recommend.
Two strikes against this top  and its going back. first  the white top is a light weight cotton... and it does not come with a lining or shell underneath. just know you will need one. i would have been able to get over that fact  since i have tanks i could have worn  but second strike is that it wrinkles. alot. it came out of the shipping box with the type of wrinkles that i know will get way worse after washing. i am not interested in ironing anything. for this price  i wouldn't have expected b
Beautiful top marred only by the armholes. i tried a small and a medium but alas  my bra showed under the arms. i my be overly endowed for this top  but the way it cuts  you would have to be braless to wear it. not for me  but wish it worked. it is really pretty.
What a great purchase! love this vest. i live in pa and i see myself wearing this sweater for 3 seasons  which i love. great details  length  and knit. true to size
I loved this jumpsuit. it fit well on my curvier/athletic frame. i did prefer a belt  which emphasized my shape. unfortunately  it is not lined and a bit sheer. this was a deal breaker for me.
This dress truly is a work of art and i am becoming a little obsessed with byron lars' clothing line. this is my 3rd dress by him and i have been a size 2 in the other dresses. the 2 does fit in this dress but it is a little snug. not sure if a 4 would look as good because it is meant to be form fitting. the panels trick the eye into making you look thinner too. my dimensions 32c 26 33. it fits perfectly in the hips and waist but is tight on top.
I'm 5'10" and have athletic legs. these jeans are so comfy  long enough  and look good on the booty. the photo is deceiving as they are much longer. i wish they carried more colors. it's hard to find a jean i really like and i really like these.
I coveted this item since i first saw it on instagram. i finally bought it in coral. it's a beautiful coat  the color is lovely and i like the way the hood makes a cute collar when worn down. the only problem is it looks like a bathrobe on me. i am 5'5" and wear a size 8. i bought a medium  worried a small would not button. the sleeves are far too long. i do not want to go through the trouble of returning  so gave it to my daughter who is four inches taller. it looks cute in her.
I'm very short and thus not usually into maxi skirts since most of them make me look frumpy  but i ordered this skirt based upon all the great reviews. this skirt is more amazing in person. at first  the material feels a bit stiff and the gold is a lot more shiny in person. but  as usual  moulinette knows how to put things together. when worn  everything comes together  the pleats and the length flow beautifully and the gold shimmers in a subtle way. the skirt runs large (i'm 34b  26 waist  36 h
This dress is even better in person than in the photos online. the colors are vibrant  the material has a nice  warm weight to it  and the buttons give the whole dress that something extra to make it special. i only wish the dress came with a couple of extra buttons  as the first time i wore it one of the buttons came loose and i had to sew it back on to make sure it didn't fall off.  the dress does run a little small  i think - i normally am an extra small  but the small fit me very well.
I thought this top looked adorable. and the material was soft. tops like these don't usually look great on someone who is a little bit busty  it can make you look fat or like you're wearing maternity. but the real issue was the arm holes were large and seemed to gape a bit. it just didn't look flattering. even if you wore a cute  lacy bandeau bra  the way the material sticks out around the arm holes would still look awkward. too bad  since it is a cute top  and well made.
I wear a 32 and sometimes a 31 but i could barely squeeze these on in a 32. the fabric is thick with lots of stretch but these are super skinny all the way to the ankle like a legging and not a jean. made for much thinner frames than mine.
I cannot begin to tell you how much i love these jeans. i have been searching everywhere for the right pair of black jeans  and this is it. they run a little small and don't have as much give as regular pilcro jeans: i am normally a 28 in pilcro and i purchased these in a 29. the fit is wonderful and they keep their shape beautifully.
Love the design of this denim dress. so unique! i did buy a size larger than i would have normally looked at based on reviews. if on the fence  go up but do get this one. it has no stretch  so a size 8 waist measures 15" flat  with 17 under the arms. not really for big busted girls. i am 5'8" and the length is right at lower knee. worth the sale price for sure!!
Love cloth and stone. this dress looks and fits exactly as pictured. soft and casual  with great design details.
I received this skirt today and was very disappointed. i don't know what i expected but it is not as i thought. even though the quality is very good and the fit is true to size  i may return it. the fabric of the skirt is just too busy  at least for me. i am just uncertain and even though i have many tops  the colors are just not matching. white looks better than any colored top with this particular print. i am going to try it on one more time and make a definite decision.
This dress is absolutely beautiful. i was hesitant to purchase it due to the price  but i just couldn't resist. it's so flowy and comfortable. it's quite long on me; i'm 5'5 and have to wear heels so that it doesn't drag  but could easily be fixed with alerations. i wore this to a wedding and received so many compliments.
I'm not sure if i only received part of this dress as a mistake  but i received the chiffon shell  but there was no slip as pictured. it makes it kind of difficult to wear when the entire thing is sheer. i had high hopes  but sadly  this is being returned. the xs is out of stock now  so i can't even reorder. bummer.
Great strapless maxi. purchased for a late august wedding being held at a yacht club  will fit the nautical theme perfectly.  i'm typically a size 8 and ordered the medium size -- fit is a little snug on top for my 34dd chest but waist and hips are spot on.  length is long  totally skims the floor for my 5'6" height.  i plan on wearing it with red patent leather wedges so it'll help keep the hem off the floor and make me look longer.  quality is outstanding  strong zipper  quality fabric  excell
This is an absolutely beautiful dress  but arrived with several holes in it!
Love the way this looked online/on model. would not recommend for a shorter or curvy person such as myself. it just ended up looking like a very chic potato sack on me  and was not flattering.
This jumpsuit runs large so i sized down perfectly one full size down. i have a size b chest and was very comfortable with no bra  as the built in cups gave me the perfect coverage. it looked like a dress standing  but had such a flattering and fun shape when you move. everyone loved it!
I wanted to love this dress because the fabric is fun  but i could not find a way to make the drawstring waist look like anything but a potato sack.the model has her hands hiding the lack of a waistline
When i ordered this dress  i thought to myself "hmm  it seems a little close to showing some side boob  but maybe that's just the angle of the photo." flash forward to me trying it on in my home - "yep  that's some side boob." it is very low cut under the arms. if you're super slim  this might be a good look  but on a curvy gal with some boobs  it was obscene. also  i'm a solid 12 in most retailer brands  so i ordered a l and an xl just in case. the xl wouldn't even zip up. returning.
This top hangs very nicely on me. i got the blue and have received compliments every single time i have worn it. it may help that i'm tallish with long legs. i usually wear it with black leggings and ankle boots. love  love  love it!
I bought this shirt because i needed something lighter to where in autumn and needed to layer. i wasn't expecting so much out of a tshirt. the material is great. it's comfy and oh so flattering on any figure. i ordered the green one  and it was greener in person than online  but a very lovely color. it layers great  and is longer than expected. almost dress length. i'm not a tights wearer  but it would definitely go great with tights or leggings  and it worked fabulously under a wrap. great prod
This dress did not work well on my figure. i have a small waist and broad hips  and the dress (size m for 140 lbs  5'8") was too boxy. i didn't have objections to the fabric  like other reviewers - honestly  even if there were a snag or two  the fabric is kind of rustic and i don't think a snag would look terrible  depending on where it is. i should note that one of the ornamental buttons immediately fell off the dress upon arrival. my friend got the same dress in a size s and it worked better f
I ordered this dress in the orange and it is a perfect addition for my closet. its comfortable yet classy. i did order a size up and went with the medium because i am a dd. so glad i did because the top part of me stays secured. if i went with the small  i am afraid i would be falling out. it is long but i will take to a tailor and have them make some adjustments. its a versatile dress and can be worn at events or just for hanging out in.
I got this dress in the mail  and while i loved the concept of it  it really is too boxy. the tie is very superficial and does not really nip you in at the waist  it is more so for show. it is fully lined which was interesting  and to me  made the dress seem boxier. the quality is good  but i am an hourglass and this was completely unflattering. i would have had to size up to make it look like the model shot  but it would have still been a shapeless dress  just bigger. it does fit true to size 
I am a huge fan of absolutely everything tanvi kedia designs. her clothing is intricate  boho  colorful and fits like a dream. when i saw this online i had to have it. it just arrived today and its everything i imagined it to be! the fit is more like the studio pics and less like the first catalog pic. the dress definitely has some room  but it isn't quite as swingy as the catalog photo. i have a lot of curves  so it may be swingy on a more slender figure. i ordered an xl mostly because of the s
Fabric is not as rich as shown in photo. dress much shorter than shown in photo. shoulder area is tight and really doesn't blend with the material below. this isn't going to work on very many people - pear shape...just not what i've come to expect from retailer.
These leggings are super comfy. i took the advice of other reviewers and ordered a size down and the leggings fit wonderfully. lately i've been having a problem with leggings falling down at the waist and these stay up nicely so i was very pleased. the leggings have a slight itch because of the sweater feel but they are very warm and i enjoy wearing them.
I had a few pairs of these high-waisted beauties last year and love them so i was thrilled to see them in this adorable pattern which is even cuter in person. unfortunately  the cut is different. the sides  covered here by the model's hands  flare out a bit which is the function of the sectioning that the piping accentuates. the top is not the definitively high-wasted height from last year. i don't own anything else high-wasted  being an apple i'm generally a low-rider owing to a small hips/butt
Gorgeous dress with a slimming pattern and flattering waistband. i would say the bust cups are a little floppy on the medium petite and i have 36dds. like others  i wish the skirt was lined but it's not a deal breaker. tracy reese did a great job creating movement in the skirt and flounce without the bulk. i can wear a little heel but wearing flats makes the hem drag.
It was love at first sight when i saw this dress online. i have several maeve dresses which i love so i thought this would be a sure thing. i was really excited when it arrived because when i opened the package the dress looked just as beautiful...until i put it on. fit is fine from the waist down but the upper part fits very poorly especially in the back. not sure if it's the zipper that pulls the fabric or if there's just too much fabric in the back but the back of the bodice doesn't lie flat
Beautifully made. beautiful drape. deep  blue. so long tho i have to role it up at the waist so nix on tucking a white blouse in. why is it so long???? in 5'6" and got a large. with 2 inch heels i still trip and not about to wear really high herls.   ill keep it tho because its a nuce dressy skirt. may take it to be hemmed but the last item i got hemmed ended up an uneven mess
Got this in the mail today and while the design is cute  it's not as soft and comfortable as i would like. the front clasp takes a bit of practice to get on and off. the straps are a bit thin and hurts a bit.
This brand has odd fitting of late. i normally wear a m in retailer tops but i had to size up to 12 on this shirt as it was tight across my chest. i am a b cup and had a sports bra on when i tried it. brought it home and tried on with a regular  non pushup bra and it pulls slightly. i might return it because my guess is that it will shrink when washed. otherwise  its a cute tunic style top.
I love the look of this sweater and was so happy with how it looked and felt when i first tried it on  but within a day of wear  i noticed significant pilling  which made it appear much older / worn.
I ordered this skirt hoping i could wear it to work as it looked tailored on the model. this skirt is made from a heavy material but flares out. it is a whole lot of skirt! i'm 5'2" and short waisted it looked like i was getting swallowed up.  i love the colors and design but it just overwhelmed me. it would work on someone taller.
However  i unfortunately followed others advice saying these run small. i had to return/ exchange to a 00p. in turn had to give up the sassy red and settle for black. although they are beautiful trousers in black as well...
This shirt is extremely soft and fits well. great length and perfect casual shirt for fall.
More importatn  super soft matieral and comfortbale  hwoever  when i put it on  ilfelt like i was wearing a robe... i do like the detial in the fabric  but jsut dind't feel right as cardigan. maybe purchase if you are looking for a light robe.    true to size  tried on xs  maybe petite would work too.
I was unsure about this top at first because of reviews saying "maternity"and this shirt can have that feel if you look at it from that point. i tried it again and the arm holes fit perfectly. it has a swing cut and a peplum style which brings lots of fabric and swing. it's not that it runs big it's supposed to swing/flow from body like many styles but the peplum adds bulk because it's a little thicker fabric. so i can see how some may think maternity because of all the fabric and cut  but i lov
First problem-i would not have ordered this at all had the description been correct. the fabric description is cotton which the dress is most certainly not. secondly  it has a really funky  cheap  unfinished  raw-hemmed slip which is simply not fitting for the dress. the keyhole in the front is super long-again  does not seem to fit the dress. i am not happy with this piece at all but it did fit tts. length is just above knee. i am 5'5" 142 lbs 34d and the six was a good fit. sending this home t
I adore this top! it's comfortable and cute. the sleeve length is great for wearing bracelets. it's well-made. just perfect.
Wore it a couple of times  it is cool and comfortable. washed it and the raw edges are starting to fray. i might get one or two more wears out of it. hand washed and hung dry.
Well made. color is great  goes from summer right into fall. looks good with sandles and will wear with boots later on. goes well with classic tee  denim shirt or plaid blouse. has a retro/ classic look.
My review is of the "black motif" (no longer listed online  but i saw a bunch in the clearance sock bin at the georgetown dc store  today  12/27/2015).  i love beautiful and unique socks! so i thought i'd give these a chance. i like them so much that i bought 3 more pairs of the exact same sock now that they're on sale!  two things i noticed... the way the sock is knit  when you put it on  it no longer has a matte black look in the black areas. it is sort of a stretched  slightly two-tone look.
These jeans are an even dark color that can be dressed up. the material is soft and they fit perfect. they are mid rise which is a little different for me as i mostly where low rise. the only problem is that they are really long. i am 5'9" and they are too long for me which never happens. so i need to get them hemmed and wont be wearing them for a few more weeks. i look forward to rocking them with a pair of booties or heels.
As the other reviewer stated the dress is not lined and the fabric feels very cheap. i tried the sp as well and felt i could have gone down to the xsp. i like the style and coloring but given the price and lack of quality this is going back.
These jeans were so cute on- wore them a handful of times and they'd been washed twice. put them on and - rip! ripped right at the crotch in the front so not fixable- and on vacation no less when i had to scramble to find something else to wear. poor quality - disappointing and not what i expected from retailer. :-( they also run large even for a more relaxed fit- sized down for a good fit.
I ordered this dress in coral. while i like it and the dress is nice  i have many other outfits that i like better so this will be going back to the store. i might have kept it in black or blue.
I saw this initially in the store and thought it was nice but did not purchase because i thought the price was too high.  i saw it again and it was on sale but the store had sold out of my size.  i checked online and my size was available so i ordered.  i was afraid this cape would be to long and make me look frumpy but it wasn't and i didn't.  it looked great. i tie the belt a little higher than the model to make me look taller.   i can't wait to wear it on cool fall days.
The fabric on this dress is gorgeous. i wish it was tailored a bit more because as it is  it looks like a muumuu. i wish it would have fit better  but i returned it.
Very pretty and delicate top. it is fresh and with a delicate embroidered "bib" style. the fabric on the front is silky and the back is a blend of silk and cotton  just that part (the back) could be a little thicker so more durability. still as it is  it's a niece piece and good quality. i find it you can wear it with dress pants for office or formal gathering and to dress up jeans and either to leave it our or tuck in. since the bib is focal point you can skip any necklace and war dainty earrin
I'll start by saying  over the years  i get more and more frustrated by the lowered quality of retailer's products. this dress represents all of my frustration. cheap  cheap cheap material. low thread count. elastic!!! around the end of the sleeves that rubs the cheap fabric against your arm. i mean  this dress is a total disaster - and looks nothing like the photograph shown.
I liked the cut and color. seemed like good quality. i'm 5'5 and theses were so long. i had to fold them up like 6 inches not to step in them
This top is super versatile--i wear it with jeans on the weekend but it's also work appropriate. it's light and perfect for warm weather!
On the picture shows the belt.doesn't come with the belt.
This dress fit me like a glove and it's very pretty on  but the fabric looks and feels very cheap in person. it didn't look like a dress i spent this much money on. the lining is a very silky thick polyester that doesn't seem like it would be comfortable in any sort of heat. the lace overlay has this strange fusing kind of material between the pattern that looks so cheap. i love the idea of this dress  but it just isn't worth the money (in my opinion) so i returned it.
I am so in love with this skirt  but unfortunately it runs at least one size small...since i am a 16 there is no sizing up. the color  quality  and style are perfection but i would say this runs as more true to junior's sizing than a regular women's size. so sad because it will be going back.
The dress fits true to size and is pretty comfortable. i did look kinda matronly with my 34d chest. it's a good basic to have on your closet  but i ended up returning the one i bought. it didn't feel special enough to keep.
I just purchased this sweater  but have not worn it yet as it is still very hot in the va/dc area. the print is super cute in person. it reminds me of a missoni knit pattern. the color is described as gray motif  but it's really more greens and browns  very fall colors. the sweater is soft and comfortable. the knit is fine  not chunky and doesn't add bulk. it is fitted through the chest with an empire waist and flowing over your stomach and hip area; wonderfully forgiving of any extra bulges you
Oh just wow. this jacket is simply wonderful. ordered my regular size large and it's a bit oversized due to the swing cut and absolutely adorable on. love everything about it except the length which is very cropped. it's lightweight yet warm and very cuddly. the snap closure is wonderful. then there's the leather trim which just takes it up a notch. plenty of room for a sweater and it's lined. although it's so cropped  i think the length will be attractive worn over anything that's longer.
The picture doesn't do it justice. i am wearing it right now with cream pants to work with a cardigan i also purchased from retailer and it looks amazing. the fit is true to size. i am large chested but it fit comfortable...i did go up a size so it is a little longer than i like but i think if i had picked my normal size it would have been a little too snug at the chest. still looks amazing. i feel very feminine in this blouse. good quality material.
I like this shirt  as in general i prefer more form-fitting and less flowy shirts. however  after washing the shirt and hanging dry it has shrunk to be too short to wear with even mid-rise jeans. so: good if you don't like long t-shirts  bad if you are tall  like me (5'8") and don't want to wear a crop top.
This shirt has much less color variation in person (online it appears vaired  imo). in person it is a darker classic charcoal grey with little to no color variation. ---------- this shirt is very soft  of medium weight  and fits tts. the buttons down the back of the shirt are functional  and the backside pleating ensures you don't show too much skin if you opt to leave one or two unbuttoned. ---------- this is just a nice all-round staple shirt. there is no high-super low shirt tail hem; additio
I&#39;ve been looking for comfortable pants that i could wear to work and at home.  these fit the bill.  i bought these in the holly color for the fall and winter.  they are super soft and very comfortable.  i was worried that they would like dumpy  especially around the seat area  but they fit fine.
This top fits exactly as it does on the model! it's flattering and comfortable. i wore it to work with dress slacks and got a lot of complements. it's easy to pair with pants or jeans. my only complaint is the material it's made of is a bit rougher and thicker than i thought it would be. but that's minor. i am a petite but this fit me well even though i got it in a regular size.
Very comfortable  but ran small. great quality and great look.
Not sure what to think! i had great plans for this dress
The fabric is beautiful  the embroidery quite striking  and the length is perfect. however  the dress is a bit amorphous; and as others have mentioned  the sleeves are silly. so i took the dress to my favorite seamstress  and she added a couple of darts in the back and fixed the sleeves - voila!. these weren't expensive fixes  and now the dress is perfect.
I purchased these in large which is normally my size on bottom. they are a little roomy and the waist is so high on me that i am going to tack the waist down. they are ok. good quality but not the best pants in the world.
Love the warm fuzzies of this sweater  did not love the unflattering cut. the sweater hung lifelessly from my bust line down. plus  it was a little short in the front. i have to send it back. :(
I expected better from this top  it is thin  will snack easy  and you have to wear a cami underneath. for the price  not worth it. definitely returned!
I ordered my normal size in this dress. i am 6 foot tall  but the regular sizes were too large and too long (mid-calf). i returned the dress for a size smaller in petite for a more flattering hemline. the dress is lovely  especially on the models in the pictures  but didn't quite work out for me. also  it feels like there are hundreds of closure hooks that make putting on/taking off the dress seem to take an unusually long time!
So the dress is interesting. has an asymmetrical wrap look  short  sexy length (i'm 5'3" and the petite barely covers my assets)  and a neckline that implies sexy without actually displaying the girls- it crosses over and stays closed  but looks sexy and plunging. but the shoulders are what make it look matronly. they're wide- from neck out to the outer edge of my shoulder/upper arm. they show no shoulder at all  which is really an odd design when the rest of the dress is sexy-ish. i looked back
Love this top. got xs fits perfectly. wish it came in more designs
I was so excited for this romper  but was disappointed after trying it on. the material felt cheap for the price  and it runs quite small. will be returning. :(
I really love this dress because it can be dressed up with wedges or heels for a wedding or cocktail party  but could also be dressed down with a cute pair of gladiators. i love the pockets too! i'm very happy with my purchase and would recommend to anyone who needs a go-to summer dress for many occasions.
I knew once i saw this online that i would love it  because of that i almost feel like my review is biased. i have been searching for a jacket like this for awhile. i own the holding horses version from a few years back  but that one is just not fitted enough in the waist for me (even though it has a drawstring waist). this one too has an interior drawstring waist and it is more fitted in the waist giving the feminine appearance i desire. but it's not too tight. i am small up top  34b but larger
Great pair of pants to wear to work  and interview or out to lunch. i got so many compliments the first time i wore these. i'm 5'2" i ordered the burgundy color in a size 0  regular which is what i normally wear and they fit fine. however they were just a tad big in the waist and a tad tight around my calves but other that they're a great pattern pant to have you wont be disappointed!
I walked into retailer today to buy 2 dishes for a registry. $$$ later i walked out with this dress (and another  ugh). it is so beautiful in person. it ever-so-slightly flares out and it definitely has that 70s feel. i got it in white and plan on wearing it for my rehearsal dinner with tan platforms and a flower crown. for reference: 5'7/got some hips and thighs/148lbs - and i got a medium. would have gotten the small but it was slightly shorter.
I love these pants! for reference i am 5'1 1/2" and 104lbs. so definitely petite. i ordered the extra small petite- way too long and huge around the hips.- i checked to see if maybe they sent the wrong size. hemming would not have been a problem and i even considered having them altered - but it would have been too difficult with the pockets and the pleats. unfortunately they do not come in xxs p so sadly they are going back. order a size down.
I was looking for a dress for my engagement pictures and once i saw this dress i knew it was the one! i ordered the white in a small (size 2) i am 5'4 130lbs. it fits perfect and the length is just right. some reviews said it's boxy and has too much flow to it but if you have the right size it won't be an issue! yes  it's a lace dress so it's going to be delicate and you'll need to handle with care. but it's worth it  absolutely stunning!
This dress was very cute the first time i wore it  but after my second wear  the bottom layer didn't remain adjacent to the top layer and i found it to be awkward.
This is a great piece  you can do many things with it. i wore it to work and church :)
Beautiful  washes well in a garment bag on delicate. has little clips in the shoulders to hold bra straps which is crucial with the scoop back if you have sloped shoulders like mine. i normally go for a large  but was definitely a medium in this dress. 32" waist  32f bra    only minor complaint is that the pattern (at least on the red  though probably also on the others) is just printed on the outside and the inside is faded almost white  so since the sides of the dress are slightly longer than
This is a cute dress but the fabric is very heavy and i didn't find it to drape well on me. it is a very heavy felted poly type of fabric. i ordered it for a specific event coming up this summer and the fabric will not work for warm temps. the style and design of the dress is great though. for reference it did fit fairly true to size. i wear a 0 or 2. the xs fit well. if the fabric works for your situation then i would try this dress.
I ordered this shirt online and didn't even try it on... it is super see through and i would need to wear a tank underneath and i don't want to have that extra layer in the summer.  it is cute though!
I followed the advice of other reviewers and sized down from a s to xs. i was worried about the length of the torso since i'm long in that area  but the xs still worked great. it's a totally adorable jumpsuit with a nice fit. my biggest peeve with this was that it came dirty on the hems...like it had been dragged on the ground somewhere. unfortunately  there were no more xs online once i got it though  so i will keep and try to clean. this is not the first time in recent months that i have recei
I love the coh fleetwood jeans  and since i was looking for a pair of not-so-skinny skinny jeans  i thought these would be great. but unlike the fleetwoods  which are a substantial weight denim  these are very soft -- too soft -- and bag out in the first 5 minutes. the style is okay but the fabric makes them unflattering. maybe if you're looking for jeans you can lounge in  these will be for you because they do have the comfort equivalent of sweats.
I love the color (coral/pink) and the open shoulder design of this top  but it's too blousy at the bottom (way too much fabric). i ordered a small. i am 5'4" and 120 lbs. i might try an xs if they still have them in stock. fabric is comfortable. the ties on the sleeves add a special touch.
I went to the store to buy the transcend verdugo ankle in blue. however i left with it in blue and black. the black is perfect. absolutely amazing fabric that shapes your behind  and no ones is more imperfect than mine. i cant say enough about these except paige rocks! i'm a fan!!
The good: the sloths are cute because sloths are always cute.     now the bad: the material is wretched. it feels damp even when it's not... it's see through and unlined... it's scratchy and wrinkly... and though the cut of the dress would be fine  the fabric is so limp that the high-low hem looks more like a tail.     i wanted to like this  but charging nearly 200 dollars for a see through piece of awful fabric with a passable cut was simple not acceptable. i returned it as fast as i possibly c
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it in the catalog and was so bummed to see it on backorder online until may! i went to my local store and they had it in stock so i immediately tried it on. i'm not usually a big fan of maxi dresses but this dress is so pretty and the quality is amazing! the fabric is light and airy but not too delicate and the subtle beading on the top adds an extra special touch. the waist is a little high (it's similar to the picture online) but i'm also 5'10 so it mi
I really liked this cardigan when i saw it today. the cut and detail in the back is slimming and very flattering. i love the idea of the safety pin closure  and i really like how the model wears it in this photo-open with the pin on the side. when i saw this in-store  it was closed in the front with the pin  which i also like. i thought for sure the cardigan was also pinned in back when i saw it in the model  so it looked fantastic. however  when i tried it on myself  it wasn't quite the same.
The fabric and colors of this dress are beautiful but the fit is terrible. i had to go up a size to get a fit in the waist but it was then incredibly loose in the shoulders. what a pity. had to return.
This seemed to run a little bit small on me... more form fitting than on the model in the photo. also  it's thin. i'd be sold on it for sure if it were just a little longer too because i like the almost-lingerie-like look. the lace applique is pretty  and if you purchase it for that  then it really shows up better on the two lighter colors - it really gets lost all in black.
I was looking for a holiday dress to wear to the nutcracker and what is more appropriate than a tulle skirt?! the tulle lays fairly flat so it's flattering rather than being poufy. the top is a thick material  but not quite sweater material. since the top is warmer  it should be fine for winter even with short sleeves (and a cute cardigan or furry coat#. i'm going to sparkle it up a bit with a necklace or belt  but it also looks fine without extra accessories. fits true to size  i'm typically a
I really like this shirt. it runs somewhat big but i love the oversized effect as seen on the model. i normally wear a m in shirts and the s was spot on. the only quality issue is with the buttons..they are a bit flimsy when you unbutton them. other than that  this is a great shirt and the price with the promo is just right.
I am a 36dd  10/12 in tops and 12/14 in bottoms.  i tried both the navy/red pattern and the green polka dot. color and patterns on both are gorgeous. the fabric is very comfortable and a nice fit on the bottom half. size large fit perfectly in the waist however i had gapping across the bust. size xlarge fit ok in the front of the bust  but was loose in the back  gapping at the neck  and the waist was very loose. cute and comfy but only recommended for smaller busted gals.
I really wanted to love this dress  but it was so short! i'm only 5'6" so i don't consider myself really tall  but the dress only came a couple of inches lower than my butt! way too short for me. my husband asked if it was a shirt or dress haha. but i think this would look adorable on someone a few inches shorter. or someone younger who can pull of a short shirt :)
This is one of the best date night tops i've seen in a while. i'm 5'6  120 lbs and the xs is perfect. the fit is spot on and the fabric feels nice. i will need a teeny tiny safety pin to keep the front closed  but i do that often so i don't see it as a design flaw.
This vest is perfect. it is a great layering piece to be worn with jeans  slacks or a skirt. it has a substantial weight without being restrictive. i made the purchase based on the other positive reviews and it was "love at first sight."
I love this dress. the design is gorgeous. however the bust is extremely small. only someone in the a or b range will fit into their appropriate size. i am disappointed.
Love the dress but ended up returning it as i'm not sure how often i would wear it. the only down fall is the dress is straight so you have to take smaller steps but stunning dress!!!
Awesomely different top. the first time i wore it i didn't wash it so it was big on me. it shrunk from washing so it fits better now. there is some unraveling of the frayed edges though.
This top is very cute  but i found it runs small in the bust  which is unusual for maeve. i will have to return it. you may want to size up  if you have a generous bust.
Love this dress! wore it last night for a musical event... came home and put it on the hand wash setting in the washer with cold water...just as the label states. pulled the dress out and guess what? the design is completely faded!!! it looks 5 years old :( so sad. i'm going to call retailer and ask for a refund (i live two hours away)
I love this sweater. it has quickly become a staple in my wardrobe. i live in minnesota  so a fashionable throw-on-and-go sweater is essential. this sweater fits the bill. i love how soft and warm it is  the cocoon styling adds a fashionable element while the acrylic/nylon/wool material keep it functional (warm and cozy). i love anything with pockets  which this has. i somewhat disagree with the other reviewers who say this runs small or short. i did not find that to be true for me  and i ordere
I tried these on at my local retailer  and was like  no way am i spending almost $300 on a pair of jeans. alas  i could not stop thinking about them. the pictures really don't do them justice. they are a more substantial jean  have a distressed look  without being fragile. and yet they are so soft  so comfortable  you really just don't want to take them off. they do have a bit of stretch  but hold their shape all day long. the length and taper are perfect  in that you can wear them with boots  san
I never buy prints.....but this was so understated and elegant i could not resist!  just received and it is lovely!  beautiful soft hues with the softest of pattern that will look fantastic with jeans.  the buttons are beautiful and a special touch!  will be wearing this top often........pretty  soft fabric  comfortable fit and a "goes with everything and everywhere piece!"  a must get!  i wear a medium and ordered my usual size and it fits beautifully.  love!  reminds me of a monet watercolor..
This would have been cute if it was more fitted. i am 5'7 and 125 lbs and the small was too wide. i didn't try the xs because the small was almost too short in the sleeves and so was the length.
This blouse has too much drapey fabric and it's just not flattering.  in the front part of the blouse the fabric is relatively short  but the sleeves have so much excess fabric it almost looks like a clown suit.  sending back.
Love at first sight (via the internet); upon arrival  i was on the fence. . the fabric is slinky and loose; so much so that i should have ordered a medium instead of a large (perhaps then the dress would have then been more of an a-line fit vs. an over sized dress with no body). the lower section of the sleeves is attached intricately to the upper arms; every slight movement of the body is followed by a slight tug at the sleeve/arm cloth; otherwise  when the arms are extended  the sleeves do hav
And hits below my waist just far enough to make my thighs look enormous. i think how it fits depends alot on body type. the material is nice  color pretty  not cheap looking so i will keep it but must wear a topper to slim down thise ugly thighs of mine.....
I am so glad i waited for this to go on sale! this shirt is incredibly soft  with great detail on the fading. i ordered a medium (5'10"  160 lbs) and it fits perfectly.
Ok  the material is great  light & airy. the thing they don't show you is the waist line is tucked in the photo  that's why you cant see the bi level hem line. the hem line is fantastic. the waist is the problem  the whole dress just hangs huge from bust down. the material is so light i would caution against darting the dress. i created a button loop cinch under the outside corer of the pockets  on the seem of the waist. this worked for me.
This tank top is comfortable and very cute. it hides my tummy  as well  which is a bonus! ordered in another color i love it so much
I love this jacket so much  i bought two. it goes with almost everything and is a nice weight for almost any weather. i recommend you grab it while it's on sale.
I'm normally a 12/14 and ordered my normal size 32 which fit perfect. i purchased both the red and beige. the quality fit and color are great. i'm 5'9 and the regular length was fine.
Let me start by saying that i cannot wear wool. it doesn't matter what type it is or if it is combined with cashmere  it makes me itch so much that i just can't do it and i didn't not find this as itchy as others stated. that being said  you definitely need to size down. i am a standard small and purchased the xs and there is still a load of fabric. i still don't know what to think. i think it is okay but i am not sure it justifies the price point.
I saw this top in the store and wanted to try it on but my 18-month-old son was getting cranky so i had to leave. i kept thinking about it and was planning to go back and get it and then i checked online and it was on sale! i purchased the pink and i'm ordering the blue as well. it's very comfortable and i received several compliments when i wore it. i haven't washed it yet but the fabric seems to be sturdy.
The fit on this jean is amazing  they just run large  and then they also stretch quite a bit after 1-2 wears. i am usually a solid size 30 (and have other pairs of dl1961s) but i am buying in a 28 - so i would say one or two sizes down from your usual size.
Saw online and had to have. got it home and i was swimming in it! i normally am a size l in most retailer brands  but this felt so large! the actual top is lovely  with an airy artistic quality to it. not sure if i will go back for the medium or not.
I kept this top  only because i needed a plain black tank  but there is nothing special about it. i found it a bit large and thin cheap material.
This is one of my favorite retailer dresses of all time. it is soo much better in person and on than the stock photos. very romantic and fun.
Pretty top  i like the flutter sleeve design.  the linen is thin- too sheer to not wear a cami underneath the white.  nice for the sale price.  can easily be dressed up or down.
I have worn these exclusively for the past couple of years. they fit great (tts)  stay put  and wear very well. these are well worth the price.
This dress is beautiful  it just swallowed my small frame whole! the colors and design are gorgeous  just not a good fit for me  even at a 0p.
Runs a bit small. very slimming. love these. when will they be available in moss again?
I loved the look of these pants in the pictures online and i loved the way that they fit. however when i got my pair  the flower placement was completely different. the whole front was black and there were just flowers running out of the crotch seams. i ordered another pair hoping they were just cut wrong  but those were even worse. they looked obscene.
I love this dress and had so hoped to wear it to a wedding in june. the fabric is a perfect weight  very nice cotton  i only wish i could have kept it. i am 5'3"  133 lbs and usually wear a size 6 which is what i ordered. it was fine in the skirt but the top was at least a size if not two sizes too small for 32 chest. i did not want to wear it open with a tee and so had to send it back. the wedding date does not allow for the new available date for the dress.
I wish this dress was more fitted.. the dress looks more fitted and more vibrant in the picture. i bought this dress in an xs  but i am not sure that going smaller would take care of the amount of material in this dress. it was shapeless and did not fall as nicely as it appears. i think someone with a fuller figure would look very nice in this dress. sad to say that it is going back.
I disagree with the fit description from the other reviews. i find the shirt to be super flattering and comfy. yes it it short in comparison to many styles these days. but it hits right at the waistline without being too short. super vibrant colors.
Great little spring top. the fabric is soft and the drape is of the fabric is just right. it is very loose without making it look like a maternity top and the length hits me right at the top of the hipbone. for reference i am in my 50's  5'1" and weigh in the150's. i normally wear medium size and this one was no exception. the blue is a beautiful cobalt color.
This is the second tulle skirt by bailey 44 that i have bought. the color is a little more grey blue than the picture online but the quality is excellent. i am normally a size 6 and i purchased this skirt in medium and fits fine. it is a pull-on skirt but the waistband doesn't have a lot of stretch to it.
When you look at the online pictures of the navy colored dress  the stripes are diagonal. however  that is not the case with the dress in person. the stripes are all horizontal and not that flattering. such a bummer because i love maeve dresses and thought this would be a great addition to my summer dress rotation. alas  not very flattering  so back it goes.
Beautiful flowing feminine dress. runs large; size down. hot pink color. well made.
I ordered 2 sizes to try for in store pickup. both were too large  so size down (i am 5'4"  125 lbs and the s was too large in the neck and body  even though i generally wear things large). also  the collar was a hemmed flat collar  not the roll collar depicted. i reviewed that with the salesperson as well -- we were both at a loss to explain why  and the tiger embellishments were more orange  yellow and glittery on the ones i ordered.
I bought this in the store without trying it in the black. when i put it on  i loved it. so much so that i went back and purchased the black patterned one. equally as nice.
First of all  the fabric's summery pattern of blossoms  honeybees and butterflies is beautiful and absolutely unique. i love it so much i wish i could afford to keep the dress as an art object. also  with one important exception  the dress is well made. the underslip is the right length and opacity. the dress is not transparent   which is a big plus. there is a slight greenish cast to the background instead of the pure ivory shown  in the pictures. this makes the color a bit harder to wear. and
This top is very cute...on other people. i ordered my normal size (xs) and just did not work out. it's very billowy on the bottom (too much for me) and the top portion did not lay right. the material is thin so you will need to wear a cami underneath it. perhaps if i got the petite xs that right have been a better fit...not sure. in the end the top went back.
This skirt was placed next to the gallery skirt (corduroy skirt) and i thought it was the same until i touched the fabric and realized it was denim. the material is not the average stiff jean type but much thinner cotton material. i am surprised that this skirt is now released because i feel that it should have belonged to the summer collection. i think it is a nice basic casual skirt if you need one. kudos for the unique buttons  the first button is decorative which stands out from the rest of
It feels soft and like a good quality. however it really does run large and long. i was looking for a loose tank but this one was almost a tunic on my short height and even with a cardigan to give it a shape didn't work out. i also thought it would shrink in the dryer but it didn't. also wrinkles easily.
This is an attractive shirt but runs big. i ordered the black and white.
Love pilcro  love the stripes and the length - but this particular pair of capris/crops are super tight fitting. i went up a size from my usual and still felt tight. i guess its just the cut/fabric combo. i wanted it to be a slightly less form fitting feel ...... may work for you  however!
I bought this in size xl and it ran small along the waist & bottom hemline. i'm pear-shaped so it's an awkward fit. i'll wear it tucked in or belted. they used a lot of material in the sleeves & through the top portion. i wish they hadn't made it such a narrow cut along the bottom.  the sleeves are very pretty. the embroidery they used for the cutouts is a little rough & scratchy. since i got it on sale & like the color  i'm keeping it. i recommend trying this on if you can.
Wonderful  slimming leggings. snappy and a great accessory for any professional outfit.
I thought the quality of the fabric was good and liked the idea of wearing it  either with opening in front or back. it was a little larger then i was expecting and i wish it had a closure  (hook and eye or snap) at the top. it has three places in the back to tie together and when i tied them in a bow they came loose easily. overall glad i bought it.
I ordered this dress in the blood orange and have a few complaints. while it appears to be made with quality  it runs really large. also  in the picture the fabric appears to have a sheen and be somewhat dressy. the actual fabric is just flat cotton. it's a very casual dress  not as dressy as pictured. it's also quite shapeless on. i'm returning it.
Love the style and cut of this top  but fabric is quite thin. tts if not a tad on the small side. i'm small busted so my usual medium was fine. undecided if i'm keeping this top or not.
I ordered one size down and it's still plenty roomy. as others have said  the sleeves are a tighter fit  but there is a tiny bit of stretch to the fabric. i'm smaller busted and didn't want the v-neck to get too low  so i sized down one. very cute tucked into jeans or paired with leggings.
This is a very pretty shirt which is too narrow across the back. i need to be able to move my arms freely at work  so this did not work for me. you may be able to size up for a better fit if moving your arms is important to you.
These jeans are so comfortable. they are well-made. they are the perfect pair of jeans. the only thing i do not love is they stretch out a little bit after wearing. i am going to order these again in the next smaller size.
The shade of orange was quite muddy and not vibrant like photos show. it's going back .
Woah  these jeans looked ridiculous on me. i felt as though it was 1987 and i was raiding my mom's closet. the combination of the light wash  the crop leg and high waist with the odd stitching around the midsection make this a no. it really accentuates any pouch you may have. i was looking for a high waisted denim but these are very unflattering. i am 5'3" / 140 curvy. no  no  no!
I like the look of this tee and the fit is fine but it's described as a "cotton-rayon jersey" and in fact it's 50% polyester. i would not have ordered if i had known and now have to take it back.
I ordered this and didn't even try it on when it came. the color was not as i expected...it had pinkish undertones and it just wasn't what i was looking for as far as color. also  the fabric is very thin not like the other two tunic dresses i have ordered recently from retailer (toscana tunic & sandscape swing dress). it was also easy to see that this runs large. oh well  thought i might have one more fresh summer tunic dress to throw on in a flash but i'm happy with the other two (i was finally a
I love the cold shoulder trend  and this top seemed to satisfy. i bought it in the blue  which is really more like a very light mint green. however  i think the material is pretty thin (though soft)  and the keyhole sleeve area  right by the twist  is not substantial so it looks a little cheap. i ordered the small  but i think i could have definitely sized down to the xs (110 pounds  32dd). it's very loose fitting but i wouldn't say it looks bad. it's just a very relaxed fit. for the price  thou
I probably should have gone with petite. this dress was just awful on. the waist was nowhere near where it was supposed to be. it hits me about thigh level. it's very unforgiving  clingy  and shows every bump. i found the material tolerable but if worn for long periods of time  i have a suspicion that it would begin to irritate my skin and be scratchy. it's going back.
I purchased this dress in the navy and white stripe. i did purchase the petite since i'm 5'2" and it worked out great. very nice style  comfy and flattering. looks great with a pair of boots. one of my go to dresses for sure.
The color on these are amazing. i am 5'2 and these are really meant for that long lean profile. note they have very little stretch.
This dress is thin and completely see through. it is definitely not worth the price tag. would be really cute in a thicker material.
I wanted to love this sweater. the photo of the model makes it look so soft and warm. i liked the heavy texture and the extra long sleeves. however  after receiving this sweater i tried it on for less than 1 minute. one look in the mirror was enough to make me take it off and return it asap. the knit quickly expanding from small to large right over the bust  combined with the boxy shape was an atrocious combo. it must have added 30lbs to my physique and made my bust look matronly. yikes! this ma
Fit great and cute. cannot wait for summer to wear with sandals.
I do think this blazer is comfortable and looks decently cute  but wasn't sure about the fabric. hte coloring is fun too. i decided to pass on it only because of the previous review regarding shedding.
Great pants  like the edginess of the design in the material. kinda rocker like. soft material that's stretchy and hopefully will hold its shape during the day. the color is listed as black but it's more of a dark gray with a slight blue hint.
This is the dress that i have been waiting for all season. perfect color. the material is also "firm" without being heavy or thick (if you know what i mean). it lays flat and smooths out any bumps without being overly stiff. the v-neck is also not too deep and the sleeves are not too short. overall  a complete win. now go and make it in gray and navy blue please.
I initially walked right by these pants when i saw them on the rack. then i saw them on the fitting room attendant. they looked amazing . i ended up purchasing them and i love them . the great thing about them is the the leather is only in the front which makes it great for moving around and sitting down (the back is kinda legging like). i had to size down in these.
I ordered this online and was completely underwhelmed in person. the pattern didn't pop at all and the fit was just ok. it kind of bunched weird in the breast area. i usually love plenty but this is a return.
I bought this because i thought it would flatter my boxy big busted shape and it does. however  while i liked the irregular hemline on the model  on my 5'5 frame it hits at a strange place and so i will hem it a little shorter. the fabric is extremely thin and not lined so this is definitely a light weight summer top even here in the south. i love the modern styling but the quality of the fabric is a concern  definitely no dryer on this one.
Pros: material is amazing  super soft and quality thickness (but not like uber this  just enough  it will last). also seems like it won't wrinkle much which would make it a great dress to throw in a bag for a trip. fits well in the shoulders  chest and the length is good.    cons: the "waist" line is really tight and really really high. i'm 5'8"  150lbs and my usual medium is pretty tight. of course it hits me on the rib cage too  which is so weird. it's way higher than it should be.    i'll pro
This shirt would be perfect if i needed a canopy on my tent. this shirt runs ridiculously large. purchased a medium and it should be labeled an xl. no impressed with the pattern in person. looks cheap. will be returning.
I have to return this top. the armholes are huge. the material is on the thin side and not what i expected. i can't size down. i got an xxs. maybe if i had been able to order a petite  it would have fit better. i ordered the red and i liked the color.
So i thought this sweater would be snowy white  but it's actually a beige kind of dingy color. i do not mean that it's unattractive  i do like it  just because it is not snowy white like i thought  it makes it more of a casual sweater in my opinion and i was hoping for a dressy sweater. it is very super soft and is as long as it is pictured. it fits like a dolman sweater which i did not expect either. it's a bit fitted around the very bottom and sleeves are billowy at the top.the picture does no
Love the colors and design  however the sweather is much boxier than what the photo shows  and it is itchy. i am still deciding as it might be fine with a shirt worn underneath it.
I was very disappointed to receive this and to note that the blouse has no ruffle down the front as pictured. there is no ruffle anywhere on the blouse. i am likely still going to keep it because i like the pattern  but the ruffle was what interested me for a cute work blouse and i want other shoppers to know that the blouse actually includes no ruffle when you order it.
It made me look extra thick in the middle--could pass for maternity wear. pretty colors. fabric is fine. it's just too shapeless and not flattering on me. i'm 5'11" and it was also on the short side for me. even if it fit better  probably too short for my age (40s).
I love  love this top! it's the perfect peplum tee! i would get more if this was offered in more color combos! the stripes add a cute effect to the tee and it's a perfect soft cotton. can't say enough about this one!
The pattern is very cute!  from the front i liked it  but when i turn to the side  you can see just how voluminous it is.  it ended up looking a bit tenty.  if it had just a bit more shape it would be perfect.  in the end  not the most flattering.
It is very sheer which is too bad because the design is super cute.
It is a little roomy so if you're between sizes go with the smaller. i think it's flattering even if you have a larger chest. love the details and the fabric is a good weight and quality!
This dress is everything i hoped it would be--bright  colorful  quality jacquard  classic silhouette. unfortunately it runs small up top on the bust and i couldn't even zip it up all the way. returning :(
I'm surprised other reviewers loved this one so much. it's completely different then how it looks on the model. it's much shorter  which others do mention  but it flares a lot. enough to feel maternity-ish on me. it looks fitted on the model. maybe it's my shape  i have a short torso and carry weight in my hips. i ordered an xs too. i will say the material  is very nice and it's well made  but it's going back.
You must have this vest for your fall/winter wardrobe. the design is extremely flattering to the female curves. i love the feminine ruffles. the pockets are a bonus. the vest is vegan-friendly. a hundred percent polyester! i normally wear a medium  but the small size fits me better. as an artist  i like to wear with my red plaid retailer shirt. hurry and get this vest before they are sold out. i'm sick i missed out on the museum district vest. all the smalls were sold out. i hope my experie
I'm so incredibly disappointed. the dress is beautiful but the one i received is torn and has multiple strands of beads missing. poor quality control.
I purchased the 0p online and it was so incredibly short on me it wouldn't even serve as a tunic!! it was also so tight in the bust area that i could not pull it down because there is absolutely no give in the material. the berry color was not as bright as it had appeared online but in fact was a very muddled color that seemed to make the material look even more cheap. i would need to size up considerably to have good fit without give in the bust and arms and judging by the structure of the dres
I received this jacket in an 8. fits great with room . i am a 34dd chest for reference as i was not sure if i needed a 10  but the 8 is perfect. see my pictures as i feel the website photos are more bright as the actual jacket is more muted. buttons are very nice but the pocket flaps hit right at the boob area so it my bother some . very high quality  lined and will look great over some retailer dresses in the same color way i purchased last year. depending on the season this jacket would do fine
These pants come in great colors and fit nicely if you determine your correct size  which may not be what you usually wear. i have several pair  but i am concerned about investing anymore because of all the complaints on dye stability. retailer is going to have to address this if it is going to continue carrying this product. now  that said  i had a bad accident on one pair of these pants  and the outcome was successful. i wore them to a dinner party and spilled grease on them from one of t
Received this jacket today and i am so very impressed with the details. initially when i ordered this jacket i first thought the navy blue waffle fabric was a corduroy or velvet  but it is a plain cotton blended fabric with unfinished edges that has the denim attached to it. the plus is the inside breast pocket that is trimmed so nicely and lined  and fits a nice sized phone. the inside is lined and even the sleeves are lined . there is pretty cream lace trim on the inside bottom of the lining i
I had higher hopes for this top and thought it would be fanicer. but as a previous reviewer mentioned  the quality of the material and elastic waistband makes the top look a little cheaper in person. i'm glad i got it on sale with the extra 25% off.  i was hoping to exchange it for a small  but it's sold out by now. the top runs a little large. normally i'm between a small and a medium  but i think a small might even be too big. i put it on this morning in the dark and by the time i got to work
The blazer is boxy and less dressy that it seemed online. i could only really wear this in casual situations  and i was hoping to be able to wear it to work as well. it does have an interesting hemline. the shoulders are a bit too narrow for me (but i do have shoulders on the broader side). i don't hate it  but i don't love it either  but it is interesting enough that i'm going to keep it. i ordered a small.
...the print is so sharking  and i love the way it looks on the model -- but i'm a more curvy figure  and the boxy-ish cut plus rather stuff fabric in front is incredibly unflattering. ordinarily i love everything made by maeve  but this one sadly must be returned... on a thinner/straighter-shaped person i expect it would be great.
Soft  stretch denim  70's fun vibe . i so wanted to keep this   but for me the sizing was off. i ordered a size 27  my usual denim jeans size . the waist down fit perfectly but i couldn't zip the top portion. i fear that even if i order one size up which i believe would still be ok for the bottom half ; i still won't have enough room from my rib cage to the top of the bib section. i had  a 3 inch gap  in that area  . for full disclosure   i am a  size 36b  with broad shoulders and  a broad back
These are the cutest prints  but the cute simply doesn't work for me. this is longer than the conversationalist shirt  which is an improvement as far as i'm concerned. nevertheless  both my appropriate size  which i still felt was too short  and the size up  which hit at a flattering spot  were twice as wide as as my midsection. so while the arms and shoulders seem true to size  the shirt runs very wide.
So these look so good online - i love flare and the button detail. however  on me  they were very long (which i knew) but too thigh-hugging for my taste  and the buttons looked cheap (i ordered the tan color). thus  back they went. for reference  i am 5'5" and 125# and ordered the 6.
The fabric is lovely  color was great  but unfortunately it ran a bit large. this might be a case of girls with boobs vs. girls without. i have a small chest so for me  this just didn't stay in place. i was worried about the arms squeezing me so i got a small rather than my usual xs. bad choice. the diamond in the middle pooches out rather than hugging your body (which was what i was hoping for). when i raise my arms the whole shirt ends up riding up. pretty awkward. there's also a lot of fabric
So sad!  this beautiful dress which i have been waiting to receive didn't work for me.  i'm a 5'7" hourglass girl and it just made me look big!  but i love the pattern and the way it looks on the photo online!  so sad but will return it!0
I love wearing this sweater  it is unbelievably soft and cozy. usually a sweater like this sits like an unflattering sack on me  so i was pleasantly surprised by how flattering it was on my petite frame. i purchased a grey xs regular in store and i am 5'3" 120 lbs and it was long  but not at all overwhelming. it sat very flattering on my figure and kept me warm at work on this rainy cold day. i wore mine with skinny capri jeans and purple suede kitten heels. would look great with leggings and bo
I think these jeans are good for people with long lean legs. i'm 5'7" 155 lbs and the wide cuff made my legs look short and stubby. the weight of the jeans is a little on the heavier side - i usually like soft denim. i usually wear a 31 and thought they were true to size.
I try to find something to like about everything i buy  even if it turns out to be a disappointment. for me the neckline of this shirt is absolutely beautiful and super flattering. it was one of the only things that made me want to keep the shirt  but unfortunately it was not enough. this shirt is super boxy and runs large. i would recommend sizing down for those who want to try this. if you have a larger chest it might be worth ordering your regular size so that the buttons won't pull at the ch
Ordered on line and thought these are a great quality as i pulled them out of the box. tried them on and found minimal elastic for the waist. within minutes of wearing  the waist fell down past my hips...glad i was at home. looks cute but will not stay up.
I bought this dress because it looked sooo comfy. and it is! the fabric feels nice and it fits loose without feeling like a burlap sack. it's perfect for running around town for errands. i actually didn't think my boyfriend would like it because he generally likes more form-fitting pieces (yes  big surprise) but he actually commented out of the blue that it's really sexy. comfy *and* sexy?! score!
Really well made. beautiful. sadly it is very short. not a tunic at all.
I'm 5'9" and these run true to size for the fit but having long legs by the end of the day they start to sag down in the crotch and hit me about mid calf straight out is the package. they wash up perfectly and are cozy. if you're of average height these will probably be your favorite.
I tried this dress on in the store. i loved the fabric and color  but the fit was huge  no matter how much i sized down. there are full dresses and tunics that are supposed to be loose  but this was shapeless in an unflattering way. i was attracted to the style and color  but the execution left much to be desired.
Love this zip cardigan with removable faux fur. it did not look like much on the hanger but once on it is soft   rich and just adorable  it can be dressed up or down  perfect for a finishing piece over a dress to wearing with jeans and skirts. the fabric is soft but substantial . the only negative for me is the zipper sticks a little. a plus it is a ivory shade and is a good basic. i chose my typical medium and fits perfect . 34 dd chest for reference. sale price plus promo made this a winner. i
My favorite colors are purple and green  so when i was in the store and saw the beautiful purple flowers on the top of this blouse and all up and down the sleeves  i was was blown away. i was disappointed by the bottom of it  just huge  flowy  green fabric with no design on it whatsoever. i went with my first impression and bought it  but now that i'm trying it on in the house  i'm still bothered by the throw-away bottom of this blouse. i'm thinking this is just another retailer maternity t
This was my favorite piece in my order. it fit so well that i immediately went online to see if they had other colors. they don't. i voice the other reviewers opinion: get more colors in of this style. i would order in a heartbeat. i plan on wearing this to work (it's freezing in my office) but it is versatile enough to pair with jeans for a casual look. the material was soft  woven tightly (a good thing) and well made. good one retailer! definitely a keeper.
I love this dress! it is more of a thick cotton linen than actual denim. it fits true to size in the sense that i am usually a size 6  but i would say it is smaller on top than normal size 6 dresses. i am 5' 8"  small busted  and a "pear" shape  so i like the more fitted style of the top with the a-line skirt. i love the length hitting just below the knee. it is flattering for my body type. seems well made and at a good price point.
It is so cute in the picture but wasn't flattering on me. it also felt like i couldn't raise my arms while wearing it. i love retailer and will be a forever fan  but this dress just wasn't for me.
This is absolutely gorgeous cardigan! the pictures don't do it justice! it's comfortable and soft and very trendy at the same time! i bought it in teal and in medium  i am 5'3" and usually wear 10-12! even though i think it runs tts  but for more fitted look  medium fits better ! i am blond and this color looks great! i also loved it when unzipped the upper part  it looked even better! it is perfect with leggings in grey  blue  green and black  also beautiful with aqua flora leggings and with re
I absolutely love the look of this shirt with the built in layering piece. the overall garment is lightweight and not too heavy even with the added layer. however; this runs really large. in general  this brand runs large for me and i would say that if you are used to this brand  you can stick with your normal sizing for this brand. however; compared to other brands it runs very large. i think it would work fantastic for me in a different size. it is not at all fitting so it would be more like a
I love denim and this tunic/dress/shirt is soft and fits really well except its almost too long to be a tunic/shirt but too short to be a dress - at least for me but i have a long torso - still not sure if i should keep it.
It runs big though! definitely order a size smaller  the underneath slip is stretchy which is great  but the lace outer shell runs big!
I loved this top! the cinched in waist is so flattering. or i'll leave it un-cinched for a super relaxed fit. it's comfortable and light weight so i'll be wearing this into late spring/ early summer. i've worn it with the green pilcro slim pants  i've worn it unbuttoned over a basic black knee length jersey dress  i've worn it over a bathing suit in west palm beach. i can't wait to find more fun ways to wear it!
I usually wear a s petite so that's what i initially got in this. i'm 5'2"  32c-27-36. the shoulders were about an inch too wide on either side  the sides along the top had tons of extra fabric (almost like batwings or a dolman cut) and the waist was at least 6" too big! i'm re-ordering in petite xs and hoping for the best  because this is a gorgeous coat.
This is a true tiny top........gorgeous and runs small. i usually wear a small or medium in retailer tops  but timy i always size up. i'm a 36c  and a large fits perfect. the front is a bit sheer  but not so much you need a cami.
I really wanted to like this dress and was so disappointed when it came in the mail. if you have any sort of hips  the light pattern in the middle doesn't do you any favors. this made my hips look soooo wide! and the seaming and gathering in the middle was just off. if it was one continuous piece of fabric it might look better. with the seam  the pattern was cut up and looked pieced together. that just drew too much attention to my stomach and hips. it had to go back.
This is an adorable piece but the fit is a gamble. the crotch hung way too low for comfort on these so since i got a great sale price  i had them altered. i haven't worn them yet but i'm sure i'll get compliments when i do. so if you want to take chance on the fit and/or alter them  go for it!
Very nice fabric but disappointed in the stitching on the knees. it looks nice but makes the pants very uncomfortable and tight around the knees. too bad because i love the style and hoped they would work!
I adore this little sweater- the pictures don't do it justice. i'm tall  with broad shoulders and small chest- the cut and design of this sweater is so flattering. colors work with denim or any neutral  and the weight is perfect for spring or early summer.
I love this shirt. the quality is great  and very soft. the length seems a bit short  i will only wear it tucked in to a higher waisted skirt. the arm holes are tight.
Usually can just buy tiny shirts knowing that they will fit me!  and this one is beautiful but if you have any type of chest it will not work.  i'm a 34d and it  was way too small in the chest area.  it is a beautiful shirt though and i'm very sad that i have to return it.  it will work better on someone else for sure.  so i recommend this beautiful shirt for someone with a different body type from mine!
I really wanted to love this blazer...i've even tried it on several times hoping it would look better the next time around. (spoiler: it didn't :( ). overall  it makes me look pretty frumpy and not put together. i really love saturday/sunday brand and was hoping for a nice comfy blazer to wear to work. will be returning instead.
This dress is stunning- vibrant colors and flirty feel to it. i got the small and i am a 34b/27 pants  132 lbs- great fit. i only question two things- am i tall enough to pull off the extra fabric in the back and what the heck do you where for a bra? those two considerations are why i didn't give it 5 stars.
Very pleased with the fabric and design of this. it is thick  but not heavy  and the cutouts in front fall so that you don't really have to wear anything underneath (there is one cut out pretty low in the middle that i didn't initially notice  but wasn't really a problem). i'm 5"4/b cup and i bought the small but would have been better with a medium as the small kinda pulled through the chest. i couldn't wear anything over it without it pulling the whole top up. it's also a bit shorter than i th
I got the purple color and absolutely love it. i am 5'2" but decided against the petite size and i wanted it to be a bit longer. i also went with the xxs as the xs was a bit too loose on the arm. it was definitely a splurge to buy the sweater but it looked so lovely!
I loved the style and shape of the dress . it does run small. i had to return it because some of the black dots pulled and looked like it might be more of a problem as i wore it
I bought this top in black n moss. they are of a great quality n love that u don't need a cami under. i do like them very much except that they're a lil too billowy in front for me. when i gathered excess material on the sides it looked much better. the black didn't look as large...black is slimming. i love the neck and the material. haven't decided yet if i'm keeping or returning.
This dress is adorable in the photo; however  in reality  it fits like a tent. the top would be okay although i would need a smaller size if i were to keep it. it flares out in the skirt to become an a-line and it's just not very flattering. if i had read the reviews before ordering  i would have sized down  but i ordered before any reviews had been posted. sadly  i must return.
Material is too thin and quality is poor
I wanted to get a couple tops for date nights that went well with skinny jeans and this hit the mark! as mentioned before  this top is translucent and thus would recommend using a cami as well. however the embroidery is beautiful. i have not had it cleaned yet and thus cannot comment on the durability. can't wait to wear it out.
I was a bit confused with all the reviews here. some said this runs small and others said it runs big i decided to go to the store and try it. i'm 5'6 and 112 lbs. i'm usually size 2 or xs. when i tried the blue one  xs is very tight on the arm and i would have to size up if i ever want to wear a sweater underneath. however  when i tried the beige one  xs fits me well with some room for sweater. either one is beautiful. great quality as you would expect from this brand.
I waited impatiently for this item to come in stock  and when it did  i had it overnighted because i was so excited to receive it. it's hit or miss with me as far as retailer's mediums and larges  depending on the brand. i generally err on the side of caution  so i ordered the large. it looked cute out of the package  but when i put it on i was terribly disappointed. it flared way out at the bottom  and was not as fitted through the waist as on the model. this could have been the large sizing  but
This dress overwhelmed me. i'm 5 feet tall and the print and material just took over.
These jeans are adorable! i'm so sad they didn't fit. my legs are bigger than the rest of my body  but i usually have good luck with wide leg pants. if you are looking for wide legs  these are not the jeans for you!
I just bought these shorts in the gold color. the fit is just right and the material / quality matches up to the price you pay. totally worth every penny.
This appealed to me online & it came in petite. during the promo in july i decided i shld order the petite small while they lasted although way too hot to even consider wearing until fall. glad i did. i am short & the regular length wld be a bit too long. great color & quality. not too thick or weighty. like that it's a cotton blend. will go well with the many skinny jeans/cords/leggings i have. love the blue. now i have to wait a few months to wear it! 5'3"  117# & usually wear a size small in
I ordered this online  but i own the vest and i love it  so i took a chance. this is a super comfy  great quality jacket. the sleeves are some kind of knit material and that makes it really cozy and not constrictive. the color  i ordered the green  is perfect. i ultimately returned the jacket because i thought the lapels were just too wide for my liking. they look exactly like the picture so if you don't mind that  you will probably be very happy with this jacket. it just wasn't for me. i ended
This shirt runs extremely large. looks boxy and unflattering.
I wanted to like this sporty dress too. i teach at an elementary school and like to get down on my knees st my students level - plus we can get messy most days with our learning and most days are go - go - go being "on" every second...the armholes were cut too big and weirdly squared. i didn't like the middle "ridge" either as it was unflattering. it was returned.
I tried this on a whim last week even though it was a bit above my budget  and i couldn't resist taking it home. the photo doesn't do the textured sheen of the silk justice--the metallic tones of the flowers are really vibrant  but still subtle. my husband (who usually hates anything with a bow) loves this  though i have been tying the bow a bit lower than shown on the model. go one size down--i usually wear a 14 in blouses but took a 12 in this.
Should have listened 2 a previous review! while this is a very well made garment  it really does remind me of a bathrobe  and will be returning :( too bad because the fabric and stripes are really great. also...this runs very large. the extra small was more like a medium.
This is a comfortable pretty blouse. i purchased the neutral print and am very pleased with it.
Yes  it runs very large. i usually wear a m and ordered the xs/s. i like the oversize fit and i think this poncho is unique  chic and modern. definitely worth the price  especially on sale. very nice quality fabric.
Beautiful dress  but has an unflattering fit. i purchased an xs and it's past my knees and the bottom of the dress is so heavy! would be a perfect maternity dress though!
I am a petite size 10 and 5&#39;1&quot;     i love the fabric and style of the dress  but found it to be too much dress for me.  the skirt is very full and with the top i feel it would look better on a thin  taller person.
So bummed... i ordered this in the raspberry color then actually saw it in a store before it arrived to my house  so i tried it on. while i agree with the other reviews  it runs big in some areas  something about the neckline just wasn't right on me. it seemed to ride up higher and wasn't what i wanted. also  the "raspberry" color is almost more of a burnt orange. when i think of raspberry  i think of pink or red  this was neither of those. the top itself is cute though and super comfy. if it we
I purchased this with some hesitation  having read that some people thought it was unflattering. but i couldn't resist the sale price  and i love a low-maintenance work top and doesn't require ironing. this fits the bill perfectly. it's made of high quality fabric  there's a soft inner lining with a side zip closure  and it has a pretty narrow profile so initially i found it a little snug to wiggle into (i got a small)  but once on it fit perfectly  and is so flattering i can't imagine why other
I love this sweater's rich color and good quality  but the fabric is very thick and heavy  the neck opening is too wide  and the length is too short to be flattering not on my tall (not model skinny) frame.
I haven't owned a denim jacket since college  but i felt inspired this season. this pilcro jacket is perfect. a little distressed along the edges  tailored fit  and i love the cozy collar. looks expensive. fits really well.
Absolutely love this top. it can be worn with jeans or a nice pair of pants. material is so soft.. love the length   little longer in the back. definitely would buy in another color
I love this dress. i got it in the blue and i feel like everything about it is so modern and class and summery. it runs a bit on the small side. i'm between a 6 and an 8 - i went with the six  but it's definitely tight. i have a larger chest  and it's pretty low and sexy  though you could knot the laces at the top for a more modest neckline. i've also put shirts under it and it's a super cute jumper. i'm 5'1 and the dress (regular  not petite) hits right below my knee.
I loved the style of this shirt so much that i bought two of them. unfortunately after washing the turquoise one  it sprang several holes. the same thing happened to the second one after one wash! i purchased several of these shirts in the tank style over this past summer  and they have washed and worn great. i think the fabric quality and craftsmanship has gone way downhill at retailer lately. very disappointed.
I would definitely only recommend this top to girls who are smaller chested. it fits in the shoulders/arms  and then flares out too much at the bottom  almost looks like a maternity top. the material is very nice however - both soft  and feels like it will hold up through multiple washes.
This is a great top  not cheap but funky! it would look nice on any figure. the two blacks on my top are more alike than the picture shows. great value for a pretty party top - but it can go anywhere!
Love the suit! i ordered two sizes  and this 6 ended up being too small. i'm 35x27x36 and 34d  and there wasn't enough support in the bust. read a lot of mixed reviews regarding sizing on the seafolly suits  so i'm glad i got two. suit is flattering and i love the coverage in the bottom. some boyshort suits are "cheeky " but these are not like that. only complaint is that while there is a pocket for the cups  they are sewn on top.
Nice soft jeans  cute style  and i wish i could keep them...they just are too small on me. :/ not sure if i've gained weight (which i don't think i have because i had on a size 28 pair of pants today) but i ordered a size 29 in these jeans and they zipped but just too snug around the waist. i would honestly need a 30 or 31. looks like they are selling out quickly so i doubt i'll be able to get the size i need.   if you have a small waist i think they would be fine but they don't fit my body type
This knit dress is very comfortable. i liked the various colors used in the stripes. my only issue with it  is that the skirt of the dress flares out oddly and is quite short. in my opinion  this dress  with its sturdy fabric and long sleeves  would appear more proportional with a longer skirt. skirt length  along with horizontal stripes just did not work for me. regrettably  i sent it back.
I ordered these without reading the previous reviews and i would have to agree with everything everyone has already said. these are the cutest cords i've seen in a long time! they're definitely skinny  bridging on way too skinny through the calves but i'm willing to stick it out. the thing that bugs me about them is how stinking short they are?? the description doesn't really mention that they're crops but at this length any ankle bootie is going to be too short. also  they aren't navy. they're
This dress is lovely- exactly as pictured on the site. love the colors/pattern and received so many compliments when i wore it to a brunch party. could easily be dressed up for an outdoor wedding. it definitely runs big- i am usually an 8/10 and originally ordered in a large. was way too big  so had to exchange for a m and there was still some room. make sure you size down!
Scratchy  wide cut = not flattering  i tried to make this work because i wanted a different  unique cardigan. but.... the color is not for me either..  it's yellow/ivory. bummer! so cute on the model! the snaps are my very favorite part!
Bra s great  but it has a lot of push-up padding. this might be nice for smaller cup sizes  but for a 34dd  it was a little overkill/unnecessary.
These shorts just didn't work for me. i loved the embroidery and the color  but i just don't have the curves for them. try these if you have an hourglass or fuller figure.
I'm a little on the fence about this dress. it doesn't do much for my fairly straight/petite body type; i.e. it's not fitted at the waist which i think would help even though i don't have much of a waist to begin with. but the low v-neck is flattering and the flared skirt is too. it's just that it probably looks better on an hourglass shape... i was fine with the fabric type  i'd describe it as a mid-weight ribbed knit blend. i'd say it's true to size  i got my usual xspetite and i'm 34aa  26" 
Obsessed with black watch scottish tartan so this really hits the mark and goes beautifully with my joe fresh black watch print wellies rain boots. the wrap top is flattering but pulls on me ( i have this in the red and blue plaid as well.
I absolutely loved these pants when i tried them on. i am 5'1 and will definitely need it hemmed because they are so so long. but i'm fine with that because these pants are so unique and gorgeous. i'm 130 lbs usually a size small but xs fit me just fine. i will have to say though  i am very upset because my pants shipped with a huge tear in the waistband. the only way i was able to try them on was because the last bit of the waistband was hanging on by a thread. so the quality isn't too great. a
This is such a beautiful top with pretty  vivid colors and soft fabric but the execution is wrong. the front is fine  the smocked upper portion is very flattering but then you turn around and the back fits like a cape. there is a ton of fabric especially in the upper portion of the shoulders and upper back  with pleats that begin under the ruffled neck and billow out. i got an xxsp (5'  103 lbs) so couldn't size down. please retailer no more billowy tops!!  so sad to have to return this one.
This is a nice dress made with high quality fabric. unfortunately i'll need to make a return as it was quite big. i bought this dress in an xs and it was too large all around. i am about 5'3" and 112 lbs and would have taken the petite  but there were none available. i'm not sure the petite would have even been small enough. the dress was a bit too long for short ladies and definitely too large in the waist and the bust (i'm small on top). it's too bad a this was a cute  and versatile dress that
I was really eager to receive this sweater  i was expecting the same as in the picture. i received it today and i am already returning it. first of all the sweater didn't look new  it is mostly shapeless  it has little balls and piling on the wool (what happens after wearing a sweater for a few months) and the metallic color makes it look cheap. in the knitting itself there are missing points and there are actual holes in some places. it is a beautiful design but other than that not even the col
I love this dress! the design is simple  colors and patterns are eye-catching but not over the top. cutting is perfect for me and very flattering. the material is flowy not clingy. it is a piece of easy  no-hassle garment that i would love to wear everyday and make it my uniform. seriously  it doesn't get better than that. if they make more of this style with different colors and patterns  i will just buy them blindly.    a word of caution: the dress does have slightly bigger armholes so some pe
I went into the store to look at a few certain items. this wasn't one of them but it really caught my eye. i got it in yellow. it is such a great sweater. tts
This is a really cute shirt. i love the design  color and everything about this shirt but the size. i am 5'1 and 105 lbs  i can usually wear an xs or xsp. the xs was huge and they were sold out of smaller sizes or i would have ordered one. this unfortunately had to go back.
I ordered this in the "plum" color  which in real life just looks like a very  very dark brown. that would probably be okay  but the dress is actually about 3 inches shorter than the listed measurements. i ordered the regular length  but the shortest part of the hem hits me only about halfway down my thigh...way  way too short. i am 5'5"  for reference. lastly  i think the fabric is just awful quality  especially for this price point. the slight texture makes it want to cling to itself - worn ou
This top is very cute. got it in the lighter color. the fit is great and it will go with many things. if size medium were not out of stock in the blue color i would have purchased that one also.
I really liked this cardigan. it is well made and very pretty. i will wear it when it gets a little cooler in early fall because i tried to wear it on one of these really hot days and it felt little too warm.
I purchased this sock in another print before and wear them all the time. i was happy to see a new pair on the website and purchased them again! these liner socks actually stay on my feet... others brands i've tried before slip off my heel  but these stay hidden and stay put. plus a fun design!
I wanted to love this sweater. the color is gorgeous  the pattern unusual  it is soft and warm  and would have gone with so many things. but the cut is awful. mainly the sleeves are way too big  making me look misshapen and my arms look huge. the body was a bit boxy but that would have been workable if the arms had been normal. too bad.
I was expecting this to be longer. nothing wrong with it  i will be returning it because it was a little short.
I tried this on in-store. it is super cute! i am waiting for it to go on sale because i wasn't sure it was completely worth the price. if you are in-between sizes  take the larger size.
This is a great tee.... i bought this in the green in a size m. i'm normally a small but because of the fitted look  i opted for the medium. i probably could have sized down to the small  but the medium is still fitted just not too tight  which is actually a nice look. the only thing i wish was different are the sleeves. the sleeves are just a little too puffy for me  but it's so cute that i'm keeping it.
It's hard to tell how you will like this top unless you try it on first. 1. yes  it runs big and wide but not long  which i like. 2. yes it it is fairly sheer  but the design allows for a fitted tank. 3. i found it adorable once those first two issues were corrected. it's a cute late summer top  easy breathing for humidity.   i like this top as well because it allows for a normal bra strap  so you feel covered but the sexy shoulders peek out. it also is a bit longer in the back than the front wh
I love the lace on this top  it's perfect. it's great for my shape  i'm so happy with this purchase.
Very disappointed the back of this blouse is plain  not as displayed.
Outstanding dress. looks like a class that i will wear for many events to come. i couldn't decide which color way i liked in this dress----the red/white or the green  so i purchased both. i can see myself wearing the red into early fall and the green is a very springtime/summer dress. yes  the cut runs small but i don't think it is as small as some of the other reviews. i typically wear i size 6  and this one the 8 fit perfectly  so maybe one size up.
I really like the idea behind this top  but at least for me  the execution wasn't quite there. i was hoping it would be something i could wear to work  but the sheerness of the sides makes it in appropriate for my workplace (when it gaps/you move  you can see a lot). if you don't move  the front panel is pretty opaque  which is good. i think it would look odd with a cami underneath and i don't feel comfortable with the sheerness  so i returned it. i also thought the finish on the sleeves looked
I loved the look of this top online - it had great lines. i was so disappointed when i received it.  it has zero support/lining and i'm not large chested to need a lot. it's also incredibly awkward to get on and the tie in the back is only long enough to knot it  making it even harder to get off. it was returned.
I was so excited for this dress to come. i am 5&#39;1&quot; and 100lbs so i ordered and xs petite. it was literally falling down around my shoulders and gigantic all around. maybe on someone taller this would have looked great. i was also disappointed that the blue shown online was not accurate. my dress was a much lighter blue. back to the store it goes.
This jacket is soft  a beautiful color  the perfect length  and incredibly versatile (a fleece jacket that doubles as a blazer) but i was swimming in it! i wouldn't have minded the larger size  but the sleeves looked ridiculous. i wish i'd ordered early enough to try a petite size  but i'm not sure that would've helped. sad to send this back!
The color of the sweater is beautiful  but the fit was awful. it was too "swingy" and made me look like i gained 10lbs instantly  (i'm 5'1"  108lbs). i will be unfortunately returning this item.
Love this ripple-front top. fabric is beautiful  love the lining and the fit is perfect. looks great with pants and skirts. i also love the sleeve length. i purchased this in both white and black. great for spring and summer.
This top is beautiful to look at but did not fit me like the model. it was tight across the bust but very poofy at the bottom  which normally i like  but not this time. sad.
Really unique & will easily go with many tops/bottoms. i agree with the other reviewers  it's itchy  but so super cute. the sale price is a good deal. i had already planned to wear with long sleeves so the itchy fabric should not be a problem. i got the xs/s  my usual size.
I'm not sure why it's considered a "blue motif " i think it's more on the black and cream side. other than that this is a great silk top for warmer weather  it's lightweight and airy and you'll probably want to wear a nude bra underneath. looks great with jeans and heels for a fun night out as well as trousers for work. i'm 5'7" and almost 130 lbs with a 34a bust and a small fit great.
This jacket is a great fit and feels like a nice  comfortable addition to a professional/work wardrobe. it is very lightweight and fits somewhat loosely. i am 5"7 and 125 lbs and the small fits nicely. the only con is that there is not a way to secure down the top payer of the wrap )no snap  button  etc.).
If you look closely at the pattern it is a giant triangle running across the front of your body. this doesn't do great things really if you have more of an hourglass shape or small waist. it completely removed the idea that you have a small waist and draws attention to the area of the triangle that is the largest. also  i agree with another reviewer about being cautious about buttons  as several were off some of the dresses.
When i read car coat  i expect a little more weight. it really is just a thin  long blazer. also  the colors appear different online. i expected a red/maroon with bue and white stripe  so maybe i mis-read completely...? it is actually brown/mustard/beige combo. not what i expected  so it will be a return.
I love this romper so much! i'm a tall girl (5'9)  so often times its hard for me to find a romper that isn't too short. the length on this is perfect. this romper is an adorable design and the fit is great. the material is a great quality  and its really comfortable! i'm 5'9 34b bra  i usually range between an xs and s  i went with the s on this one and it fits great! i definitely recommend this if you're thinking about it.
I was so excited to get this dress and could tell right away it was beautiful. the fabric and detail are perfect and seem great for summer. then i tried it on ....to say the bust area is tight and not proportioned correctly would be putting it very nicely. it was a total joke. this dress is for very small chested only.
I love this top so much i bought it in 3 colors. the material is so soft and comfortable. has a slight fitting in the waist to make it very flattering. you can wear the next as pictured or button it up and slouch it and it looks great both ways. perfect with jeans or dress it up with slacks. just wish it wasn't dry clean only.
Beware! there is a reason this sweater is on sale. it is not even remotely the same color as pictured. instead of the lovely antique blue in the photo  this sweater is a faded  boring  teal-green. what a huge disappointment.
I love this dress so much - comfortable  flattering and really pretty. i wish i could buy this dress in every color!
I don'tr even know why they btohered making a tall size for this  i would need a 6-7 inch heel for the petite version  which means regualr sized people should get petite. also  bigger  as in loose  i tried 0 and 2 and both ewre biggish (thopugh i could honestly not tell the difference). sales person told me to try 00  so we shall see... i will need to hem them if i kleep them though.  bronze color is very nice  so is balck  i ordered both for comparison.  lastly  cut is very flattering especiall
So much prettier in person. love it! i'm a size 2 in retailer and a small in this vest  even over a sweater still left quite a bit of room.
The top is huge! i wear an xs and am not the bustiest of women  but the top part of this romper felt like it belonged on a medium or large  even though the bottoms and waist fit perfectly. i was really disappointed  as i loved it in every other way.
I'm pretty disappointed in these. just bought the yellow pair and wore today for the first time. super cute and very comfortable. i was in love with them. they got two small stains on them from the day's activities ( and not even crazy  untreatable stains). unfortunately  the stains did not budge yet the color of the shorts washed out. they are completely ruined after one washing (on cold). i'm hoping this was a fluke and plan to order a second pair before they sell out. these will be going back
I love this top!!! i just had a baby and it is difficult to balance classy with comfortable with out looking sloppy. this top is perfect. it may run a tiny bit big but for the most part it is true to size. great for busty girls (36dd).
Hi  this top is absolutely gorgeous in my opinion. very feminine. it has a small amount of swing without a large amount of fabric. love it.
Where o where did the old pilcro ankle stet go??? these are a cheap impersonator. the denim used to be thick which really did wonders for the fit and overall appearance of how the denim lays over your lower half. the last 3 pairs of pilcro stets i've ordered have gone right back because they are nowhere close to the greatness they were originally. the pockets on these jeans sit so so low- completely unflattering. the ankles are significantly smaller circumferentially. the old stet ankle jeans ha
I like the color and the plaid pattern on this top. the material is soft to the touch and despite being petite  i bought the regular length to pair with tights. it has the feel of a baby doll because of the longer length on me. i quite like the feminine cut of the top which makes it slightly unique as far as plaid tops go. the material also doesn't feel too flimsy or cheap and the top feels well made. it will not be hard to reach for this item as it is a versatile piece  as many reviewers have n
This is a cute top that has a nicer texture and sheen to the velvet in person than the pictures do justice to...it's just simply richer and prettier in person.  there's a nice drape to the fabric  but it's cut pretty short and wide  which isn't flattering imo  unless you are very petite and have a small bust. i say this as someone who is small enough that i usually welcome a shorter cut top because most normal length tanks and tops are tunic length on me.  i would have given it a higher star rat
I was debating getting a large in this top but went for the medium  boy is it huge  the jersey fabric is quite thick which makes the sleeves bulky and uncomfortable  even the small would be giant!   for reference i normally wear a size 8/10 my chest is 34 e and this was just so so huge  it hung so badly of my chest that it looked frumpy and made me look bigger than i am.  the colours are true and nice and vibrant... definitely size down with this one
This top looks elegant with my stirrup pants and feels like heaven it is so soft. fitted at the neck and arms; loose and swingy at the trunk with a beautifully finished hem. the yarn is two-toned heather.
I love this t shirt and have not purchased it in all 3 colors. very soft and very flattering!!! i like the longer length as well as the pretty neckline.
When i unwrapped this a chemical "stink" hit me that amost knocked me over. it was really unbearable and i m not overly sensitive to smells. second it was way too large with a boxy unflattering cut. the waist sits very high at elbow height and every below the waist the material balloons out in a rediculous manner. i wonder if they had it pinned down somehow on the picture here. with a more flattering cut i might have decided to wash it a few times to get the stink out. i do not recommend this fo
So glad to see high waisted jeans again! very soft  very comfortable  and the raw edge hem makes them just edgy enough!
Great color and quality but very boxy. even with the drawstring there is no shape going on here.
This dress was a disappointment. not black  but brown. and it was very oddly made  with a weird  seam right across the belly. on its way back...
This skirt is a keeper. great quality. beautiful color. great fit!
I took the advice of the other reviewer and ordered a medium in this (32d  31" waist  38.5" hips) instead of my usual small. it fits perfectly--a tiny bit loose like on the model. i bought the beige. you need a camisole underneath but the layered effect is very pretty. it is a delicate material which is why i gave it 4 stars. i can't speak to the quality of it  but will definitely use a hand wash cycle and line dry it. very pleased.
First of all  the photo online doesn't really do the colors of this skirt justice. it is a heathered knit  with colors of white  gold (deep yellow)  raspberry (or almost maroon)  and teal. i have never seen a color combo like this before  and its really fun. i am wearing it today with a burgundy color sweater  but i anticipate being able to match it for summer with any of those colors i just mentioned  or even navy or tan. the skirt has a lining in it  and the wide ribbed knit runs at varying an
The model makes this dress look amazing  but it didn't translate that way on me. the print is really beautiful  i loved that  but the waist is huge and the skirt part is a-line and full  not streamlined like it looks on the model. if it was more like that this dress would be a hit. but  sadly  it's a miss. this is something your mom would love on you  but few others.
Flattering fit  true to size  i ordered 31 which fit perfectly. i am 5'8"  145 lbs. wish it came in off white sand and black. great with boots  and more substantial than some leggings. also extremely comfy!!!
Really stretchy and therefore not a whole lot of compression. love the floral pattern and the color  but they're also surprisingly thin. they'll be good for yoga in the summer months  but i find them to be too thin to wear outside of the gym and i like a legging i can feel comfortable in running errands to and from the gym too. fit true to size.
I'm 5'4  125 lbs  & have a 36 c/d bust; the xs fits great.  i wash everything in cold & line dry... this was no exception. when i took it out of the washer i knew immediately :( i've pulled it back into shape & hung it up  but we'll see.   dry clean if you want to keep it
I like this dress because it has a 60's vibe. however  if this swing style is too long  it just looks dowdy. this dress was too long  so i shortened and redeemed mine. i am 5'3 1/2" and 120 lbs. this style looks best on me just above the kneecap. if you try it on and hate it  it's probably because it's too long. in the winter i wear this with a long sweater (knee length) with a waistband in it to give it shape and with boots. the dress is lined but it is very  very sheer and requires a slip. or 
It does run large. i got it on sale and it is a great sweater / coat for $200.00. i would not have paid the full price of 450.00 but i do love it. every time i wear it someone complements me.
I ordered the navy  which is really stunning  by the way-and the cream. i asked my husband to choose the color for me and he asked me to keep both of them! there you have it. that should say it all! it is a beautifully done lace with an attached camisol liner which  if i'm not mistaken is on snaps so that you can remove it and wear your own cami if this one has a weird fit for you. the navy is really pretty due to the stark contrast of two shades of blue. as i said  my husband saw the cream colo
I love this sweater and don't think the pics do it justice. i ordered the light blue/lavender color and couldn't be happier. it's great with leggings or jeans and booties or boots. i received many compliments the one time i've worn it so far. so glad to have snagged this on sale but i wouldn't have hesitated to pay full price!
I didn't fall in love with this jacket but it was comfortable and seems like it has potential to be flattering on many body types. for reference i tried on a medium and my measurements are 38-30-40.
I love the color and style of this sweater and was very eager to wear it  which i've now done on two occasions. but now i'm concerned about the quality and also wondering if there is a long version of this sweater and a shorter version i am 5'6" and thin  but the sweater doesn't hit me mid thigh - only goes to upper thigh and i measured 25" in length on my sweater rather than 30" which seems to indicate a shorter length than on the model i wish it were longer. more a problem is that the fuzzy pa
I had been eyeing this top for weeks. it's look so beautiful on the model  however  not great on me. material is fab. the tee is way shorter than it appears online and there is too much flutter material.
This is a great top. soft and cozy fabric  nice and sturdy feeling. it's heavier than i though it'd be so its perfect for the cooler days of spring  and even a chilly summer night. i love that it's long enough in the front for me to feel comfortable wearing leggings. the body is nice and roomy but the arms are a little snug  however  i like that because i think it makes it look less like a slubby sweatshirt. the best part... it can be cleaned in the washer and drier! thrilled with this purchase!
I did not have the issue that a previous reviewer did  there were ruffles on my shirt. the one thing i didn't know was how wide the top ran. i ordered my usual size 8 and it fit with no problems. i'm a 36b. the only thing is that in the model shot  the shirt is tucked into the pants and you don't get to see the full volume of it. even the model shot of the shirt from the back doesn't show the wide sleeves and body of the shirt. its not a big problem  since the shirt can be tucked but i will have
I wish that it had fit me better as the feel of the fabric and the color were great! regrettably  i am sending it back as the v opening is too low for my tastes and the fabric on the left of the first layer drapes weird on me. i am usually a s or m and in this top the s was plenty of length and room  would be swimming in a m. the fabric was soft and felt great against your skin and not thin as some fabrics can be. the color was just as shown and beautiful. hope it works for some of you out there
A very beautiful  flattering  and breathable/comfortable mock neck turtleneck that's great for layering. for those unfamiliar with weston  this top - like many of their others - is essentially made of panty hose nylon. it makes for a super comfy and stretchy top  albeit a delicate one. be mindful with your hair accessories and jewelery when wearing this!  ------  i wish the arms were lined - i have a large tattoo on my arm and you can see it through this  and it just looks a little odd when mixe
I took a chance on this top because i loved the color and print. it is mostly as pictured  but because i have a larger chest  the peplum didn't hit me in the right place. it would probably work fine for someone thinner with a smaller chest. i was surprised that it was also somewhat sheer  which was disappointing considering the price. i returned it.
What a let down. this is not what i would call a coat but a sweater. it is unlined and very lightweight. the fit was cute and would have been so great if it was actually a coat.
This sweater is beautiful! not only is the lace front gorgeous  but it is incredibly comfortable and so well crafted. definitely my favorite cardigan now.
This t shirt is huge. i am 5' tall  size xs and i am swimming in this xs. i'm trying a size down. it is meant to be oversized but this is extreme.
Given the price  i was pretty disappointed by the quality of the fabric. the dress falls nicely and fits well  but the fabric is cheap... i have another maxi dress that i bought for like 20 bucks at store on the boardwalk and it has the same fit and fabric.      i expect a lot more from a dress with this price. i'd recommend only buying on super-sale.
Super large and a very weird cut.  the sides were much shorter than the front and back and this just looked awful on me.
Quality piece except the fit is way off. i have a 32 c bust and long narrow torso  larger on the bottom. i ordered the small. i frequently wear a small/extra small on top and i was busting out of this in the chest area. however  the fit then flares way out from the torso and it just looked dumpy and overpowered my 6 foot frame. i marked it as running small  which it does on top  but then it runs very large on bottom. wanted it to work  but didn't.
I loved this dress and tried on the xs in the store and then ordered the petite. i thought if i ordered the petite it would not be as baggy. it is just way to boxy/baggy for someone my height and weight. however i would recommend to someone taller because the velvet is great quality and it would have been an amazing dress to have for fall and also for winter. for reference i am 5'0" and weight 113 pounds.
This is a very pretty skirt and the colors are better in real life. sizing was mostly true to size for me  slightly tight in the waist but i have a thicker waist compared to my hips. i'm 5'7 and 138# and ordered a size 4 (i usually size up to a 6 with retailer pencil skirts.) a 6 probably would have fit as well  especially in the waist but didn't want it too big in the hips. length was perfect  to my knees.
This is a great sweater. i gave it four instead of five stars because it runs unusually wide and is a bit boxy. if you like your clothes a little big  this is the sweater for you!
I purchased this swimsuit in the mint. gorgeous color combination. i'm 5'5" and weigh 117 lbs. i purchased a small. the fit is true to size. i love the front design; however  my husband promptly brought the back of the swimsuit to my attention. the chevron was off center. the design should have been centered with my back; however  it was on the right side of my back. i immediately called retailer assuming the product was defective. the item was sold out on line; however  a supervisor was able to l
This top was very cute but super short- and i am a short waisted petitie person-the waistline hits above your belly button- looks very silly.
This shirt runs very large. i will be returning for a smaller size.
It is the cutest detailed little white top. i recommend this because you can wear it anywhere and dress it up with a scarf.
When i first opened this dress and tried it on i thought it was adorable. it is very flattering on my hourglass figure and hides my recent baby weight. the problem is the hem. it was already rolling up when i took it out of the package  and i should have noticed and returned it  but i figured the problem would be easily solved by a good ironing. well  it wasn't  and it gets worse every time i wash the dress. it's like the hem isn't constructed properly.
Thought i would love this product  but i had to return it. the fabric and design were very nice but the length was very short and the neck too tight. i ordered a xxsp which is usually the size i get. if i had known i would have ordered a regular xxs. not sure if this would have solved the problem. might be worth going to the store to try.
Very cute and high-quality dress but it is very short. the length wouldn't be that much of an issue except for the fringe (which is awesome and unique  by the way) hits right at the butt. wish this dress (and  subsequently the fringe) was 3 inches longer.
I love this jacket and can't get enough of it. it has side pockets as well as the buttoned-pockets. i love the cinched waist option for a more fitted look.
Love the texture and color of this tunic. it does seem to run large - i could have probably sized down to a pl without an issue. i do agree with other reviewers that the pockets are strangely placed and add bulk. i'm going to have them removed. overall  i really like it and have already worn it multiple times.
I usually love bordeaux so i was very disappointed with this shirt when it arrived. the fabric smelled plastic-y which is a first for me with retailer products. when i put the shirt on  i could see it had that sheen that comes from rayon spandex blend shirts  i hadn't noticed that it had spandex in it when i ordered it. this fabric looks and feels exactly like the cheap blends sold at discount stores. i can't believe retailer is selling this.
This top is fun  in a soft fabric - i got the navy ad bright - great for summer. but top does run large  i usually get a medium  but sized down to a small.
The blue is a very flattering color. the fit is not. it does not lay in the back like in the photo on the model. instead  there is a lot of fabric that falls in horizontal folds because it does not fall straight because the sides at the bottom are narrower than the mid section. i think i'm going to return it. the neckline is very nice and faltering. the sleeve at the wrist is kind of constricting  though  and long. it doesn't run big at the chest section  just the mid section  then tapers in at
This dress was an adorable a-line in the front and a shift dress (no pleats) in the back. tack onto that a high-low hemline and it's just trying to be too many things. would've loved to see this dress as a true a-line/fit-and-flare. it would've been perfect. fits true to size.
Love this dress.  i like that it is somewhat form fitting but also has a nice swing to it.  green color is nice for summer.  bought a similar maeve dress last year and it was all cotton like and soft  this one has a soft top but a different material on the bottom.  a little scratchy and crinkly.  wish the entire thing was as soft as the top
This skirt is so beautiful!! it's a bit small  but only a tad. i can still wear it  and it encourages me to lose 5lbs haha! i get compliments everywhere i go.
The fun colors drew me to this but it sure fit weird. the top was fine but it became a bit tent-like in the waist. the material doesn't feel great either.
I do like this top. i bought the cream color and it is flattering  but it is a little shear. i need to wear a cami underneath it. it also seems to be a little on the large side.
It is such a cute design and very soft and comfortable  but the picture for this product is very deceiving! it looks like the sweater is fairly long in the pictured product page  but it is considerably short. i am nearly six foot tall  but thought by this picture it would be lengthy  not at all! it is a beautiful sweater  might work better for a shorter stature.
Just purchased tonight and love i this little jacket.  the embroidery and beading down the sleeves is such an interesting touch yet neutral enough to wear with just about everything this fall.  runs tts.
I bought the holly color which appears almost granite/slate color in natural light. overall  great transitional sweater piece for fall. i'm considering exchanging it for an xs since the s seems a bit large. comfy/cozy yet breathable.
I have been watching this skirt and only scooped it up on sale plus promo. it runs small and the size 10 fits like a size 8 would fit . 145 lbs and curvy figure  flat tummy but have hips and tush. the quality is just ok and not worth the full price but on sale it was doable. i love a-line styles and this skirt is different with the fabric stitching at diagonal pieces. it is light weight so i can really see this being worn more in spring and summer and a go to skirt that looks sharp . website pho
This top is beautiful on. i did not find it to be sheer in either the black or the ivory  of which i tried both on. i purchased the black as it was more stunning. i am a medium and it fit absolutely perfect. it has a nice pleat in the front  in case you have a teeny bit of tummy. i found it to be very flattering and will wear it as a date top. it will look awesome with skinny jeans or ponte ankle leggings. the body fabric is a lighter cotton. i am 5'4" and it hits at hip length. it does not have
Love the shape and flow of this dress. but i was sent a dirty stained dress so this is going back.  would not recommend
So  this is a super soft comfy sweater. the color is great and i really wanted to love it. but the dolman sleeves sort of annoyed me. that being said  all of the good things about this sweater almost made me keep it. the neckline is also really neat. it drapes nicely  and stays that way. if you are on the fence give it a try!
Cute shirt but it is very hard to wrap my head around being an xxs. sizing is ridiculous. and now that i have an xs that is too big  the xxs are sold out. typical.
I love the pattern on this jacket and enjoy the bell shape. a fun jacket to through on and add quick style to a skinny pants.
I followed the reviews and bought a larger size in the blue stripe. i am usually a size 8 but ordered a 12 (ok  maybe overkill). i usually have problems with sleeves being too tight  but this was way too big and tent like. i will be hopefully exchanging it in store for a smaller size. stay tuned for an update!
This is a very sexy skirt. very slimming...a great basic long skirt to have in your wardrobe. dress it up or down. the slits are high  so you are exposed like a short shirt.
The description doesn't indicate the metallic thread throughout the design. you cannot tell from the pix either. it's also a really strange design with the arm holes being almost the entire length of the sweater. can't decide if i want to keep it or return it.
This vest is beautiful and exactly as shown in the model shot. it is soft  warm  and drapes beautifully...perfect length on my 5'7" frame. the leather detail along the edge is a nice high-quality touch. i will say that it is pretty itchy especially around the neck  but wearing a shirt with a collar like it is shown seems to help that issue. the dark color is navy in the print (not black)...overall i think this is gorgeous  but the full price feels a little ludicrous...i think i may wait until sa
The cut is too long and shapeless. if it was cropped  i would have kept it. the beads are delicate as another reviewer has said but i was prepared for that. too bad the fit just wasn't flattering. it's going back.
I had to return this because the lining is super short and uneven. its shorter in the back and falls weird. i love the color even better than the picture. but quality is lacking for this high price. i ordered the 4 petite and it fit but the elastic waist shows any bump in your tummy too. bummer
I love this sweater! the sky color is very flattering in person. i love that it looks good open or closed. i bought one for my mom and me. i think it will be very versatile. i think it runs mostly true to size  possibly runs just slightly big.
Love the colors in this top. it's a shame it was so big and baggy i'm not that big a person but really made me look big and frumpy . i am 5'6"  130#. athlete. size small was way too much material for my frame
I bought this top in the purple color but i believe it to be more of a cobalt. it is a beautiful color! i wore it to dinner the same night i purchased it. my husband said he loved the color and style. i wear either a s or m in retailer tops  depending on the brand. with this one i chose a small and it's fits perfectly. i have a petite frame; 5'2"  123 lbs.  but with a 32f bust. it is very flattering  as with most off the shoulder tops. they say your shoulders never age :) the length is just right
I wanted to love these jeans  but as a woman who is almost 45 there was way too much stretch in them. i am always a size 26 and i couldn't wear these  they were way too tight! they went back the next day. i will say  it could be my body type  i"m a runner so my legs are muscular. if you have very thin legs  these could be great and work for you. i loved the color  dark blue.
These could barely fit over my calf and did not even broach my knee. i have big calves but i am otherwise i slim and normal sized woman. these are way too tight and narrow to enjoy or to get much use out of.
I loved this dress from the moment i tried it on. so flattering to my postpartum body without being a huge tent. soft fabric  and for a white/lightly striped dress  not sheer. i'm bummed because after washing only twice (followed the instructions to wash) on gentle cycle and low tumble dry  holes started appearing everywhere  both on the cream ribbed hem in the front bottom and all across the chest  in the white part of the fabric only (it looks like the black stripes are holding the holes toget
I tried this on today because when i touched it  it was irresistibly soft. i like the orange  it was a loud orange-and i almost would have preferred some sort of design to it. i did not purchase this because at the end of the day it did not suit my style-it was very plain. i think you could dress it up with the addition of a belt or the right necklace  but i am not usually a fan of buying pieces that do not stand on their own and require an accessory. that said  it was very comfortable and soft
Pilcro is an incredible denim brand and i've never been disappointed. these are no exception. minimal distress  perfect length (i'm 5'8 and they hit just like the model)  great color and super comfy! they have some stretch to them and definitely fit baggier  so depending on how you want them to fit...i sized down for a snugger fit. these are fantastic!
I loved this shirt and attempted to buy it - however the armhole is so small i couldn't barely get the shirt off and almost had to call someone into the dressing room to pull it off of me. i'm usually a 6 and i tried on the 6 and 8  and both shirts had the same problem. it wasn't exactly the sleeve that was too tight  but the arm hole that was not big enough. it pulled across the top of my chest and was not roomy enough to slip in and out of. which was odd because the rest of shirt was fine. i d
Gosh this is beautiful but it is way wider and puffer than i imagined it would be. in fact it almost looks like a costume or something you would buy handmade. i would just feel silly wearing this out to dinner with a group of friends. i gave it high ratings on the quality however because it really is beautiful but the design is just not what i had hoped for.
This is literally the most unflattering thing i have ever tried on from retailer. the sleeves are so weird and ugly. they get really fat at the top  like a dolman sleeve  but it looks really strange because they don?t flow into the rest of the top  which is very structured. it made my shoulders look huge even though i have very narrow shoulders. this is not apparent in the model picture at all. the thick black seams at the shoulders are also placed in a really awkward spot which also contri
#childsize. not sure where this went wrong but it's going back immediately. always wear a 0-2 in retailerpologist skirts  this size 0 runs at least two sizes too small. the material is beautiful  but if i got the size i needed i would be entirely swallowed by fabric. so disappointing.
I'm 5'0 125 lbs and the petite small fits perfectly. i love the length of the shorts  not too short and not frumpy either. the waist has a hidden band so it hugs you in a good way and makes the top half slightly blousy  so it's forgiving. will go great with gray booties  black wedges or sandals.
This shirt was great for one wear. after just one wash (followed instructions to dry clean) it lost all shape and now hangs like a bed sheet. terrible waste of money on a pricey top.
I got this shirt and loved it so much the first time i wore it. it swings well and is an easy basic that looks great. however  after i washed it the first time  it became clingy and stuck to me and doesn't lie right. it's such a shame because i was thrilled with this as an addition to my wardrobe!
I ordered an xs regular and it barely skims the floor when i'm wearing wedges or heels - perfect! it's form fitting but not clingy  and i think it's a pretty  comfortable dress. glad i made the purchase!
I love the print on these pants. they are beautifully flowy and flattering. the only downside is that they are see through so i'm going to take them to tailor to have a lining put in up to the knee so i can wear them to places other than the beach. i bought them on sale today in the store and bought a size small.
I found this dress to run large (like the other reviewers have mentioned). the quality is really nice  and the sweater fabric is a nice touch. it hit me right above the knee  and i an 5'5". it is a purplish pink (as pictured). if it fits you properly  you will be pleased with the quality  color and unique style.
So i recognized the fact that this dress was likely intended more for lounging than for wearing out and about  but i once had a lot of luck with dresses of this price point (and intent) at retailer  so i had hopes. i was just wanting it to be a great addition for vacations and beach days  but it's honestly so thin i couldn't even see it working that well for that. it's also cut smaller than i was anticipating judging by the way it fits the model; my usual small was way more bodycon than i was anti
The print on this dress is really pretty and the styling with the lace is a nice touch. unfortunately  it runs quite small in the bust  so i had to return it. for someone that is small busted  it will be quite cute. everywhere else it is true to size.
Love these pants. very figure flattering and fabric stretch holds up well. no sag at end of day. i am 5'6.5" and size 6 hits ankle bone. i love these so much i went to order a second pair and size 6 sold out so i ordered an 8 . will see how a size bigger works. i think may give a looser look but be comfy. so happy to have these. wear with booties and my tunics  peasant blouses and much more. highly recommend.
This dress is so short! i double checked to make sure i didn't get a petite by mistake.  i'm 5'10 and ordered an extra small because of the deep v neck. it fit well on top  but  you could see my underwear in the front. seriously  i dont even think miley cirus would wear it that short. the lace was really beautiful so i was disappointed that it didn't work out.
I love baseball style tees and when i saw the homebase tee (in two colors no less)  i was very thrilled especially since it was during the 20% mother's day promotion on all items. based on the model's photos  the top looks flattering with a swing type style. i usually wear a medium and bought a small size in this top. when the package was delivered  i excitedly opened it and found two tees looking like maternity tops which would be lovely if i was pregnant. the tops are so wide not like the webs
Beautiful nightie- looks like its really well made and fits really well. i'm normally a size 6-8 and the m was perfect. definitely recommend.
I agree with previous review...looks so much better in person than online! i really do not need another poncho style sweater  but i could not resist. they colors and style are great!
I splurged on this top and was sadly disappointed. i'm a 36d  and the l was so tight i couldn't get it over my chest. also the arms were super tight and the length is nearly cropped.  and the fabric is shiny  the picture makes it look like it's matte. if it did fit like the model i would've loved it. the print is beautiful though. bummer
Love everything about this dress -- i ordered the 'red' which is more of a 'red orange' / with cream and beige - as pictured  colors are beautiful. the dress has a nice 'drape' / great feel  love it !
I ordered two sizes. when the package came i was skeptical as it was very light and thin. both shirts were in the bag. the style is just okay. the shirt is extremely light weight. i was not impressed with the fabric. i am returning both. definitely did not think it was worth the price.
I saw this in the sales section today and was drawn to it by the color and style. i really didn't think it'd fit on me  even though the only size available was a size 12  because it looked like a sheath-type dress that's more body hugging  and usually such dresses just don't work well on my wider hips and hourglass frame. howeverl here's what i thought: _____________ pros: - beautiful blush pink. it looks exactly the same in person as online. - very comfortable as the other reviewer mentioned. t
I ordered this in black and red. i had high hopes based on the reviews this received  but it's just ok. i will be returning.
I've got the post-baby bulge and this dress makes me the hottest i've looked in a long time! fitted  but skimming where i don't want to be accentuated - it's a rare dress that can pull this off! the cleavage is there  so i think it's more of a night dress  but i'd wear it with a sweater during the day. very comfortable.
Pretty design  but when i tried it on  the fabric was thin and delicate. i don't think it would last long with much wear. too bad. if the fabric were sturdier  it'd be great as the cut is flattering and i love the pockets.
This top is beautiful and i have received so many compliments on it. the fit is very complimenting  and i would continue to wear it often except that the fabric is unraveling. the bottom of the lace has raw edges so i would expect some fraying there but my top is shedding long streaks of material with each wear throughout the entire top  1-5" strands of the lace unraveling isn't exactly a great look.
I love baseball tees and this looked like a more refined version  but it was huge and shapeless.  nice material and fabric but this one is going back.
Gorgeous color (plum) and is very comfy. the lace at the top is just enough to be feminine  but not too much to be trashy.  like many of the other reviewers  i sized this down and am glad that i did. i think the larger size would have been "tent like".
This is a great dress - nice soft fabric and the red is a nice  vibrant tomato red color.  i ordered a small - i am 5'4" and usually wear a 4 in dressed.  this dress was so huge - it might be mismarked but labeled a small.  i will have to return it - not even my seamstress can make it fit!
I loved everything about this dress except the length. that fabric is great  the width of the dress was great...not too slim but not too baggy. but the front & side length was the problem. it is longer in the back which was great. i could have even dealt with the front length  but for my age  the way the sides came up fairly high  just couldn't work for me.  i you are younger and okay with showing lots of leg  go for it! its really cute!
I really loved the look of this dress online and couldn't wait to try it on. based on my measurements i ordered a petite medium  following the petite size chart. the dress was the perfect length for my 5'5 frame  but it was just way too loose and not flattering on my figure. i'm 36c-32-37 and i looked like a sack of potatoes in the dress. the fabric and lining feel great though. i just wasn't the right fit for me.
Just got this vest in my store yesterday and i was immediately drawn to it. the outside of the vest is this thick knit in an oatmeal color and a bright cobalt blue (even brighter than it appears online). the inside is a jersey knit fabric in grey. its an eye catcher for sure. i knew i needed to try it on. the vest is longer in length (like it appears in the photos). my only gripe is the fit. its great around the neck...nice and full. but i wish the body of the vest was larger. it fits very much
I was so disappointed in this top. the fabric blend was too thick for summer. the cut was wide across the shoulders  and very narrow and short through the waist. add in the odd splashes in the print  and it spelled disaster.    size: i tend to run between small and xs. i ordered xs. i'm 5'5" tall  135 lbs  34d  35-29-37  narrow across shoulders  with short arms and long torso.    fit: the cut was so wide across my narrow shoulders that it looked baggy and felt odd. however  the sleeves didn't sl
Very cute flowy fit. i am generally a size small  32-d chest. because the material has no give it fits perfectly (just barely) if it was any smaller or i was any larger it would be too small. very cute design.
I was hoping these would be like some of the lace shorts i bought from retailer last year that i loved so much. sadly  no. first of all they run small. i am between a s and xs in most brands  bought a s in these because i like my shorts on the looser side. these felt a little snug and short  but i decided to keep them. the first time i washed them  they were ruined. i followed the directions exactly and even put them in a lingerie bag in the washer  plus a delicate cycle  no dryer. the lace is man
I wish we had cooler weather in california so i could wear this more often. i bought this sweater/coat on sale plus an extra 20% off so i got a great deal on it. i love this sweater! it looks matronly in the picture but it looks very chic and sophisticated in person. the sleeves hit above the wrist as shown on the model. it does have pockets. it's the right weight for chilly weather.
This sweater is big and box. it looks very similar on as it does on the model. as other reviewers have mentioned  the embroidery on the shoulders is a bit itchy.
I got these in gray. like other reviewers mentioned  the waist is a little higher (not 70s though) but the jean had great control so it "holds" everything in instead of creating a muffin top which many shorter waisted jeans do. contours to the leg. love it!
This would be great on someone with a slim build. it's very true to size  it hits above the hips and runs pretty straight through the body for a boxy look. i loved the color and pointelle detail but on my thicker build it just sort of hung in a too-casual way. note that it is the kind of cotton that is likely to stretch with wear (and spring back with cleaning).
This top is made from a thick  sweatshirt-type fabric  making it a nice choice for transitional weather. the details are quite unusual and lovely. i just got it and i've already worn it twice.
This is more of an undershirt than a shirt. the material is very very thin and it shows everything. it was beyond unflattering on me. don't buy this unless you have a knockout thin body.
I actually love this dress.  the colors on the dark gray are mesmerizing.  the design of the placket adds a special touch to the look.  my issue is the way it looks on my body--not flattering.  i already have a squarish apple (squarple?!) body and the cut emphasizes this more.  i was hoping the fabric would hang on me the same way the ivory dress on the curly haired model does  so i sized up.  all this did was make me look wider  especially at the shoulders.  the drawstring at the elastic makes
I was first attracted to this tunic by the beautiful  bright colors; tried it on  and it was becoming  comfortable  and perfect for my laid-back lifestyle. i just bought it a week ago  have worn it three times already. i bought the blue.
This is a great up-to-date twist on a must-have staple - a black (or grey) cardigan. easy flowing and flattering style and warm enough for fall weather.
I purchased this skirt on a whim as an option for the up and coming hoiday party season and was plesantly surprised. it is very well made a medium weight taffita material  and best of all  it has pockets! i just love the combination of colors in the skirt; navy blue  grey  and ecru stripe. i paired the skirt with a taylored white dress shirt and statement necklace for a classic look but also imagine it combined with a dressy t-shirt cut as well. buy it while you can!
This one pulled across my shoulders and neck in a creepy way. did not like the way that it fit. returned
I ordered this on a whim during the 40% discount upon sale price. i was a bit worried it looked like a burlap sack initially  but after trying it on with an under tank and leggings i decided it was a keeper. its quite soft and is flattering. i usually wear a medium  got the m/l and fits well.
These lightweight  wide leg pilcro summer jeans are really cute  but did not look good on me. i love the fabric-a slightly 'nubby' no stretch chambray that is perfect for hot weather. the waist was a bit large and there was fabric to spare in the hip area. the legs are very wide  adding to the comfort factor of these! the details are really cute-contrasting fabric at the slash front and rear pockets. i got a size ten in these and they were big-i can imagine they will stretch out with wear so it
Looks better online than in person. material makes it look a little puffy
What a sweet shirt!! the ski pattern is adorable and they have a cute cat pattern that i've only seen so far in the store. the fit is small. i sized up from my normal 8 to a 10 but could have even gone to a 12 as there wasn't much difference between the 10 and the 12 except in length.
I purchased this top in the taupe color  and it is much prettier in person than it photographs online. it runs about a half size too large  and sits slightly off the shoulders. fun casual top for the fall.
These leggings are very comfortable with a bit of control. i ordered the m and they fit perfectly  as usual i do have to tuck the hem up just a bit but i have to do that with all my leggings. i love the laser cut detail on the side which is a lavender color.
I'm always on the hunt for good white blouses to pair with business casual attire or everyday wear. this was a great tank. i love the fabric. it's nice and sturdy and you don't have to worry about wearing a cami beneath it. this fabric does wrinkle some so bear that in mind. i really like the shape of the top near the shoulders. it's a great conservative cut. the little criss cross detail on the back adds a bit of charm to the top. i would definitely recommend this to others.
After reading all the reviews and sizing down one size. i got my top size m  i usually wear m/l depending on the style. i'm 6 ft tall  160 lb  i like my clothing loose but not as loose as this top. i should have gone to xxxxxs if such exists. no wonder there is such a low leap in price. it is a good quality though  and very nice pale peach color. no would not recommend  unless you wear 3xxxl
I order the blue and orange endora wing dress in an xxs and it was still very large. i know that this is a flow dress but there was so much excess material that i looked like i was swallowed. the colors are more muted than in the pictures  a faded blue and orange that i didn't really like. return.
This dress was adorable. i found it to be a little too short for my taste- i'm 5'9"  and it hit mid thigh. i think you would probably see my rear if there were the slightest breeze  but it would be perfect on some shorter. embroidery was beautiful  and i loved the collar.  also a little sheer  but with nude colored under garments  it would've been fine. definitely try it out!
Love this top. it is a little big through the body/waist  i thought it would be a little more fitted but i still love it. the bow really makes the shirt
Bought a large  could barely pull up over my butt. runs extremely small. it's cute but if your not a stick figure  this is not the suit for you.
This skirt is beautiful. fabric is gorgeous with perfect amount of shine and luxury to it. there is a "life "in this skirt; it is well made and follows the body lines in a perfect way. or i better say  it did fit me perfectly first ten minutes of wearing it. unfortunately  it stretched more than a full size  and generally lost its shape. now  the skirt is two sizes too large and not really wearable anymore.
They were fine. i had hoped they'd be more like begging a though... more structure. they were very much just leggings and rather unflattering in the crotch area. they felt well made though. might work for someone else. not a bad legging.
These socks were very thin and the elastic at the top was very rigid. i could not get these socks to go any higher than half-way up my calf. i would not recommend this product. it felt very cheap and not of good quality.
These jeans look slouchy and shorter in the pic which was exactly what i was looking for  but they fit more like regular boot cuts on me and proved to be much longer than expected. i have fairly long legs and most jeans hit me like they do on the models  but these were very long. i only buy citizens of humanity and paige jeans and i can almost always buy online for them when it comes to skinny jeans  but these did not fit the same as their other styles. they are good quality and would probably f
I tried this on in the store in the xs size. the pattern is striking and really makes you think of all the things you love about fall. having said that i did not buy it and probably won't unless i find it on the sale rack later. it is really more of a poncho than a sweater. the fit is very oversize through the body and i tried the xs size. it is also fairly cropped on me as i am tall. i would only wear it with a shirt underneath. the sleeves and not attached to the shoulder  but start further do
This is the perfect peplum. it floats a bit but doesn't stick out and is super flattering. that's why i kept mine even though the front seams were like an inch off  and the peplum pleat is crooked. geeze retailer. this is why i can't justify buying much of anything unless it's on sale. quality in recent years has gone wayyyy downhill.
This dress is adorable! i plan on wearing it as maid of honor in my sister's wedding next year! i am in between a size 4 and 6  usually go with 6 because i'm a bit busty and have some hips. but since i got it after it was put on clearance  only a size 4 was available.it turned out to be a perfect fit  literally. i tried it on bra-less (if i had any sort of padded bra  then i would have trouble fitting in the top section)  which worked out perfectly since the arm holes are a bit low ( i think it
The style and fit are excellent  doesn't make you look frumpy or larger. just can't get into the pattern combo--the white is too stark and i feel like it was slapped on my chest like a dickey. i have the paquerette and that's a mixed bag of patterns that works really well. i'm not sure if i am keeping. i may have to bleed it out to soften the white. purchased size medium for my 36dd chest and wide rib cage.
This is a steal at the sale price. medium is large on me and i'm generally a large at retailer. so soft.
This sweater is great for cold weather. it is very comfortable and soft. only down side is it is a little boxy.
Three strikes and retailer is out for me! i am so disappointed. i really liked this dress and was looking for a fun  distinctive new shift dress. got it  tried it on  took it off  went back to look at the listing online...nowhere does it mention that it has a drop-seam in the shoulders. i guess you can see it if you zoom in closely on the image  but it's not mentioned in the text. who on god's green earth actually looks good with a drop-shoulder?! it hits every woman under 5'10" right in the middl
I loved the aesthetic but as a true hourglass shape  i was frustrated that it didn't have a little more give as i tried to pull it over my head. the fabric was stiff  and seemed to be lace over cotton? not entirely sure. i couldn't get past the feeling off the material.
I was really excited about this top since i have others from retailer that are similar in styling. unfortunately  it just didn't work out. i am petite with a short torso and ordered my usual size and it was way too short in the front. the top was also boxy and didn't sit right. it just wasn't flattering. cute top on the hanger  but just not on me.
I'm still on the fence with this shirt. i have the grey - it almost looks like a cheetah design up close. i'm 5'3"
I really like this dress/shirt. it's great for layering  super cute and will hide my traditional holiday and this year's pregnancy weight gain. i think it will be so cute with some leggings and boots.  unfortunately the back panel of the dress does not seem to vary based on the size. this may sound weird but i've tried on an 8 and a 10 and the ability to reach forward didn't change between the two sizes. i just returned the 10 and am hopeful the 12 i ordered will be slightly roomier in the back.
On me  thsi was ginormous  looked like a mu mu. it is pretty  but there was just too much fabric  even in the smallest size. the quality seems nice  and it looks pretty  but overwhelming. i will say  i think it would work on tail lean people  i have pretty muscular shoulders  so the off shoulder look with that much fabric made me look 30 pounds heavier  no joke. fabric is soft though. give it a try  just not for me...    ref: 115 lbs  30dd  26.5 in waist.
I was so excited to see this yellow dress online but was disappointed with the color when it arrived. the yellow us much darker than pictured. i felt the dress ran true to size but if you're short you definitely want to go with petite sizes.
I was very disappointed by the fit of this top. it is quite short (especially in the back) and very wide. i did not find it flattering. on a positive note  the fabric is nice and thick - very warm layering piece for fall. for sizing reference  i'm 5'5''  122 lbs  and took my usual size xs.
Although the design and quality were great  this did not work for me. it was boxy  square and overwhelmed my petite frame. if you are taller  or have a longer torso  this may be a great basic staple for your wardrobe.
This tunic looks awesome in the picture. however  it is made of an uncomfortable sweater-like material not left of centers normal skin cotton. i was disappointed once i saw this in person. not a great material for summer.
The color was a little darker than it looks online  but i like it!
I am 5'2"  120lbs. and bought the 4 petite  which is what i normally wear  and it fits perfectly. the quality of the fabric and stitching is good  not great  and more what i would expect to see in a less expensive garment  but for me  the style  the fit and the fact that it doesn't seem to show wrinkles  at least not before washing  turned it in to a keeper for me. the drawstring ties in the back and i find it a little weird when you wear a belt with it. i tried the ada belt with it  but found i
I was hoping this dress was a bit thicker  but when i tried it on the fabric was very thin and sheer. because of the body skimming design  this dress likely won't work on many without some serious spanx or body trimming hosiery. if you work out and are very fit  you might like it  but i don't so i'm not that brave! lol
I absolutely love this top  it washed up nicely and is perfect for body style. short waist nice soft colors. i ordered another top that is this style. perfect first time i wore it i received so many compliments.
This top is exactly what i was hoping for except it is missing the drawstring. so disappointing  mailing it back.
Just picked this up at my retailer and i just love it. its totally different than your typical tee. the bottom is more of a blousy silk material and the top is a super soft knit. it lays really well and is long enough to wear with leggings! my favorite part is the t strap in the back. such a beautiful detail and so much fun. my only criticism with this top is where it hits on the bust. im a little more full figured  so the top looks better on me when the silk part isn't under my boobs. kinda have
I loved this on the cover of the august catalog. when i saw the pictures online  i was a bit hesitant because the background of the dress looked white  and i wondered whether it would be too washed out for me. not so. i love it! it fits beautifully; the waistline is very flattering. it looks like a dress a model would wear in the 1960s -- not a hippie  but a model in a high fashion magazine. it looks great with boots. the fabric is soft to the touch  so luxurious. i am of polish and lithuanian d
So soft and comfortable ? i wish i'd bought the other colour too!
The colors look better in person and the sweater knit is thinner than i expected (which is actually a plus in my opinion) so i was very happy when i opened the package  unfortunately the fit was off for me. the lower part and the back are perfect  the dress hangs nicely  no puffing  no stiffness. however  the upper part at the front was tight and something about the armholes made my arms and upper body look beefy (i promise i usually don't have this problem). i am 32a and routinely order xs. the
I fell in love with this top when i first saw it on the retailer website and was pleasantly surprised when it was every bit as beautiful in person as it was online (even more so). the bronze colored threads are to die for and the fit is perfect on my 5'4" (129 lb) 34c frame. if your on the fence on this one  get it. it's worth the purchase!
They are really cute. the fabric is a little stiff but the details are nice. the waist seems big so i suggest sizing down. i bought 27 p my usual size and sent them back for a 26 p because the waist was big.
This blouse is gorgeous  but as other reviewers have noted it runs small and it's very thin. the back is see-through  not the front  though if you tend to wear things a little large and order up a size  the back is fine. my real issue is that it shrank so much when i washed it (on cold  delicate cycle  hang dry) that it's pretty much unwearable now. sad.
The colors on these leggings are very nice and the fit was fabulous. the waist is high enough to hold in a slight "muffin" top and the control in the fabric is just right. i received several compliments on them and hubby really liked them.
I would highly recommend this top. it is beautiful and it helps to hide problem areas. much prettier than the picture depicts. i am very happy with this purchase. can't wait to wear with black or white capris this summer.
I saw this dress in the new arrivals in red  and it caught my attention  but not enough to order it (the pictures online for other colors didn't look that great). well  i saw the black in the store and decided to try it on as it looked like hte cut would be cute. it fit like a glove and i actually love the pattern. i ordred the peite to compare  and also the red to see in person... we shall see which is the winnrer!
This dress is stretchy and soft  a great length  and an out of this world pattern. it will probably be flattering on every body  but it certain flattered mine.
I brought this shirt for a vacation  it fitted well and was flattering. totally a comfortable wear  however  after 1 wash on delicate & hang dry small holes appeared near the bottom. i am hoping i can return it. not worth the money.
I thought these would be nice  and they are but then i started thinking that the bejewels will eventually be out of style and these can't be as much of a classic... also  the jewels make the jeans feel heavier.   fit is like most boyfriend/girlfriend jeans  slightly loose (not as much on me due to muscles) and length on petite was close to what is shown here (typical for me that it is still a bit longer  as not only am i short  but i have short legs for my shortness!)    so if you want that styl
Gorgeous color and fit  but fabric is not great. i ordered this to wear with leggings and booties. i returned as i could tell it would get baggy in the elbows and rear end. just not a good fabric. bummer!!!!
I tried this dress on in an xs petite. the dress runs slightly bigger  it sort of looked like a tent on me  whereas other xs p dresses at retailer fit tts. the other thing is that the dress just doesn't look like an almost $200 dress. the band that runs across the bust goes under the arms too. it isn't sewn in though  and it was folding down under the arms  making it look like its ripping off. the collar too seemed to pull down right in the center  as if the material was too heavy to stand it's we
Dare i say  this is my favorite pair of pilcro legging cords yet. the pattern is beautiful  with green  black  and grey. the fit is as usual stellar and comfortable. the best yet!
The print is unique and fun. however  the longer length and heavier weight of the fabric was not the piece i needed in my closet.
I wanted to love this top but couldn't. i am curvy (36/27/39; 32dd) and this accentuated my hips (which is not needed) and made my chest/whole shape seem boxy. i could only recommend this top to someone who is smaller chested with a straight build- the bottom would help give some shape; pleating on front would help chest seem larger. i did love the color and construction  lace details  3/4 sleeves.
Love this top. have two of them. they are comfy  light-weight and extremely flattering. love!
I have worn this beautiful and super comfy top a number of times since i purchased it. it can be casual or add a long necklace and dress it up. super versatile!!
Just not as long as in the picture. it hit me at my hips not good!
Overall  i love this dress. it's warm with tights or leggings in cold temperatures. and it's super effortless. there are a few things you should know prior to purchasing online though. the dress runs large. i ordered a large and its big. i'm ok with it; a super tight sweater dress is not was i was hoping for  but i might have been able to order a medium (i still kept the large). the weave of the fabric does not seem as tight as pictured. i felt the need to wear a tank top beneath because you cou
This was a rare full-price purchase for me. i do think that it runs slightly large  but that is part of the "look" of this dress. i considered sizing down to an xs for more definition at the waist  but they didn't have one in store so i decided to stick with my regular s. i look forward to wearing this with sandals while summer is still sweltering  but i also think it will transition well with tights  boots  and a cardigan when temps start cooling off.
I ordered the xl in the blue version and the fit is true to size. it matches the model's photos. the material is very thin. definitely need a tank/cami underneath. the pattern is adorable. the colors are much brighter in person. it's such a fun tee for summer. i just wish they hadn't sewn the sleeves in the various places. it's a little awkward. it shrank while washing & air-drying so it needed to be reshaped. if you get it and it's running a bit big  washing it will help with the fit. i like pa
I normally don't care for rayon clothing but the fabric feels nice and it is flattering in the way it fits. i got my usual medium and it fits well. it has a nice drape and is not see through.
I purchased this top in a great sale! fits great true to size i am xsmall-small for reference  purchased small. i ended up putting a bandeau bra on with it to feel more comfortable. it would be great in the fall with a cardigan/ sweater  or a blazer. super cute to wear alone in summer with jeans!!
So many things to love: love the mod kind of style  the forgiving pleats and empire waist and the fabric quality. but the neckline is just way too deep. if they didn't pin the one on the model  i'm a monkey's uncle. that super low neckline takes what should be a nice day dress and turns it into something you can't really wear in a church or in front of your dad. i seriously considered altering it  but the waist is already so high  i felt it would ruin the line of the dress.
I've had my eye on this poncho for weeks and finally scored the olive green one over thanksgiving/black friday special. i would say the color is more mustard yellow  which will go well with a variety of jewel-tone tops  etc. the poncho is a nice weight  but not too heavy. i am 4"11 with short arms  but i went ahead and bought the regular xs instead of the petite sizes and the length is perfect. i am seriously considering getting the cranberry one as well. a classic buy for winter which i'm sure
I think this dress is very pretty and i like that it's made of silk.  i also like the way it fits since it skims over my figure flaws without being too poufy.  what i don't like is the sloppiness of how the print was stitched on my dress.  the print frame is offset and details are cut off in both the front and back (you can see similar in the model shot from behind).  for the price i was expecting a little more quality control.  i also do not care for the lining.  i do not think the off white is
I really wanted to love this. sadly  the first thing i noticed was how tight it was in the arms and across the back (size up maybe even two sizes). secondly  it's see through! a top like this looses it's finesse to me once i can see my pant line and bra. it's very difficult to do the three buttons in the back yourself and finally  good luck taking it off without getting make up all over the neckline. someone dubbed it the "poor man's pineapple top." i couldn't agree more  sigh. i really did want
These jeans fit well and the stretch makes them comfortable. i can't recommemd them though because they're see through. wish white jeans were better lined so that this isn't usually a problem!
I didn't think from the photo online that the sweater would be quite so sparkly & gold! it has gold weaved in - so if the sparkly isn't your thing  beware. the sweater fit well although i didn't feel the neckline was quite as clean as in the photo above. also  you'd have to be careful not to snag on jewelry. it's a thin sweater material that may require a camisole underneath depending on the weather.
The sleeves were very tight in the upper arm area but the body was blousy  too blousy so to go up a size for the arms would mean it would be very oversized in the body. i like the fabric (nice and thick) but it did not work for me.
This dress was pretty but had a weird fit. the waist droops down in the middle instead of going straight across  which i found unflattering. i ended up returning it.
Ordered a l and xl  the sleeves were so tight on both sizes but the rest of the shirt was wide and loose. the tight sleeves were not proportional with the rest of the shirt. both sizes had to be returned.
The dress is great for pear shapes. however  i do feel it runs larger than typical retailer sizing. ordered a small (5'8" 140#) and i still think it may be a bit big. the material is very comfortable  not too thick or thin. however  i feel the shaping on the bottom is a little bulky due to the fabric. see the attached photo.
I loved this top when i wore it! it draped beautifully. i always snatch up all of bordeaux t-shirts because of the way they hang. but beware - you must dry this flat. i've always had no problem washing and drying their t-shirts  but this one shrunk up to half it's size the first time i washed it and is no longer wearable. it does say on tag lay flat to dry and they mean it!
So despite reviewers saying this was too short i decided to try it anyways. the dress is adorable the print t g e pockets so cute but the description is incorrect. the petite falls 30 from shoulder which means it's right under your bum so you move anyway and someone gets a show. it's unfortunate because this dress is adorable. it would fit tts except length. unfortunately this one has to go back.
Love everything about this top.  the ruffles give the top a great edgy style.  will look great with some skinny jeans and boots.
So glad i gave these a try last summer in the peachy pink color. this year  i got the darker grey. color is great- goes with so much-and they are so soft and comfortable. also love that these can work rolled up or down at the bottom
Runs small. i'm usually a size sm for retailer clothing (for reference  i'm 5'4  129lbs  36b). the tie around the waist of this dress is not a functional tie that you can relax a bit to give yourself more room around the waist. i could not fasten the buttons to close the dress on the size 8. the size 10 fit enough to fasten the buttons but there was a lot of extra fabric and the arm holes were very large. pretty  vibrant colors but size up and be warned of the large armholes.
I am so pleased with this tunic. the fabric heavy enough to wear through winter  and it is very flattering. the colors are as pictured  as well. as another reviewer mentioned  the slit is high. but it still works perfectly with leggings or mid to high rise skinny jeans.
This dress is so pretty in the photos but in person it's huge. and not in a way i could adjust by sizing down. the shoulders and arms fit but the body of the dress is absolutely huge. i normally love a trapeze dress but i was swimming in this so it was quite unflattering. it was also much longer than it looks on the model. i'm not short - in fact dresses are normally a bit shorter on me than the average person but this was just frumpy.
I am 5'6"  130 lbs with an athletic body type and i ordered a size small. these were really baggy in the thigh/quadricep area and made my thighs look bulky. the fabric quality is very nice and i like the idea of them for curvier body types. my son commented that they looked like pajama pants and i agreed.
I loved this top on the mannequin  so i had to try it on... i am a 36c and normally wear an 8-10  i tried on the medium and it fit great. i have to agree with the other review that the pockets make you appear curvier.. but you can always take to a tailor to have them removed..i just folded the bottom part over for a slouchier look.. i've already received tons of compliments and plan on ordering the blue as well..
This top is beautiful aesthetically  and i liked the tunic length. the bottom lace is cut out  so make sure things are adequately covered if you wear this with leggings. the fit is flattering.  however  i had some issues with the sizing. i usually wear an xs or a s in tops. the body of both sizes yielded a boxy fit for me  which is seen on the model.. i tried the top with a belt  which looked nice. however  the thing that stopped me from keeping the top was the shoulder/armpit/sleeve area. the s
I thought i'd be the first to review for non -size- small ladies... i'm usually between a large and xl in retailer.  the large was great.. with room   as this top is pictured.  you'll love the details on this colorful  fun top ( ex: buttons on the side).  great with skinnies. i bought it on sale  but it really is a special top and worth the price.
This is a great top. runs tts. looks great with cropped skinny jeans and booties or wedges in the spring.
I have these pants in navy and they're amazing! i cuff the hem in half and they look like joggers. they're ridiculously comfortable and tts but are not very thick so i'm pretty sure ivory would be see through; especially if you wear them during practice.
I saw this jacket and loved the plaid and the idea of a soft sherpa material as a lining was hard to pass up1it was true to size and the material was very nice. however  the button closure was difficult as the buttonholes seemed a bit too small. also  the back of the jacket did not lay flat and it kept rolling.... i had to return this jacket.
Very cute top but runs very very big ! im5 ft 5 in tall  120 lbs. i ordered the xs but it was so big it looked like a maternity top.. sadly returned the top. otherwise the top was made of good quality fabric.
Great color  soft fabric  but waaaaay too long. more like a night shirt than a t-shirt.
Pretty color  great details  awesome stitching.. aaaaannnnnnd it actually not only goes out a line but ballooned out above the hem and then came back in - just too much fabric down below. nice at neck  arms and chest but disastrous anywhere below that.
I loved the color and lines of this jumpsuit  but found it to be far too short in the torso. (and about 8" too long in the leg  but that's a lot easier to fix.) i tried sizing up  but it still wasn't working for me. i'm only 5'7"  and while i'm long-waisted i can usually make jumpsuits work. if you have a short torso and long legs  this is a beautiful option. otherwise  i can't recommend it.
This is a great little top. the tie sits right at the waist and loose enough to slide over top of pants or shorts. the detailing at neck and shoulders is very eye catching. i received several compliments when i wore it.
Cute  light summer dress. wish it worked for me. the tank part of the dress is light and super comfy. the bottom part of the dress is narrow and a bit fitted  doesn't work for a curvy bottomed girl.
I saw this online  and decided to go to the store to have a look at it in person. i was not disappointed at all! it is so gorgeous! i purchased the burgundy color  and have received so many compliments. it is very well made. i am 5'5"  126 lbs  and purchased a small. i think some others mentioned it falls short in back  but on me it falls well passed my bottom. maybe they purchased a petite.
Loved the idea of this - unfortunately  it disappointed all around. it's way too short and ran small. the fuzzy collar was also different than pictured in the stock photo and looked a bit tacky and cheap. the pricepoint is also way off the mark for this piece. usually an retailer small (5"7" 140 lbs 32dd) but ordered a medium (small would not have fit in this piece). do not recommend.
I ordered the ivory of this dress  expecting it to be a nice dress i could wear into my second trimester of pregnancy. instead  i received a dress that looks like a ugly  vintage-gone-wrong curtain of fabric. the 'ivory' is the color of yellowed newspapers. the fabric was cheap and had thread pieces sticking up all over the place. i would've been better off sewing myself a dress out of drapes a la gone with the wind or sound of music. the fit isn't that great  either. big and boxy. it could acco
I wear a typical 25 in coh jeans and i ordered these in a 25. they fit but they feel more like jeggings than skinny jeans. the wash isn't as faded out as in the picture. and at 5'2" the rip is right at my kneecap. i bought these for the distressed wash  and will probably return this pair as it looks darker and less faded in person. i look nothing like the model does in this pair of jeans.
I have these in 3 colors and i always wear a 27 in pilcro. i could probably size down but i like them a little loose. they are great to have in the spring and summer. they are very soft and very comfy.
I wear an 8-10 and these are a little big on me  which is surprising. they also don't lay really flat in the back. the pockets are inside in the back  in side two layers  and don't lay very flat. the crotch is low and rides up when i walk.  i'll probably wear them again  but i'm not totally thrilled by them.
Nice print and comfortable shirt.
Knitted and knotted makes such gorgeous sweaters:  this is bathed in lovely  almost impresssionistic color  and the deep ruffle at the bottom is feminine and flattering.  i adored the way there's enough wrap-around to get cozy in it  as i wore it through my day.  i went with the green in a regular medium  which is my normal size:  size 8  34f.  the 27% mohair enhances the soft feeling and lush look.  as i wore this piece today  i felt that i was wearing something very special.
The shirt is amazing in the photo..but when it arrived in the package to my house  it is sooooo dark that you can't see the patchwork. not happy. going to return it. it was a holiday gift.
I really liked this dress when i tried the navy on in the store. i am 5'4"  140 lb. and the medium fit me really well. unfortunately  i am not comfortable showing a lot of leg so the dress was just too short for me. if it had come to the tops of my knees i would have gone for it but it was well above my knees. the fit and color were great though  i loved the neckline and the material was very soft and comfortable. i tried the large but  while it was a little longer  the larger size made it lose
This dress is stunning.  it is a great classic  that i wished had worked out for me.  i went through 3 different dresses  and each time  the cap sleeve would tear.  there is not much room  if at any for arm movement without the fabric tearing.  i am so disappointed.  it wasn' even tearing on a seam (so there was no way to repair it).  if you do not intent to dance in this dress and are wearing it for a low key night or dinner  it would most likely work....it is not for a wedding with dancing!
This top is pretty and i'm sad it didn't work out for me. i'm 5'9  145 lbs and i found it to be short and boxy in the torso (tried on a s  m and l). also material in the front is super staticky - i hate that feeling.
This is one of the most special dresses i have ever owned -- and i am kind of a dress person. this one has beautiful detailing -- sheer sleeves  but the bodice and bottom half are lined. fits beautifully -- i am a little busty  so i was worried about all the buttons in the front not buttoning or popping open  but in addition to the buttons there are hidden hooks to ensure it stays closed  which is unusual and a reflection of the quality of the dress. i am 5'6" and the length was just right  abou
I agree with others that this top runs small. i am usually a 2/4 in retailer tops and the small was very tight around the chest area. however  it looked so cute on! i wanted to buy it so badly  but it just didn't work for me. the design is absolutely adorable but i could not lift my arms without the whole top riding up. they did not have a medium in the store so i couldn't see if a larger size would work. overall  such a cute top  just not appropriate for someone my age or practical for someone ch
Boy is this a winner. the fabric has quite a bit of stretch  so it is form fitting but with enough structure that it doesn't make you bulge out in weird places. i can wear it with a blazer as a (admittedly dressy) day-to-evening look  and i can tell i'm going to get a lot of mileage out of it for the season's holiday parties. i am bigger on bottom than on top  and sometimes that can end up with weird bagginess around the bust for me  but not with this dress. i'm tall #5'8) and so the length is g
I didn't have a problem anticipating the fit of this dress. i felt with the drawstrings on each side i could make it work. i usually take a large and even ordered a medium as i had read all the reviews of it running big. when i got the dress  i was beyond disappointed. it is a heavy  itchy polyester-like fabric  not a thin rayon looking texture like the picture shows. it is also a deep black  not the plum color in 4/5 photos. but most importantly  i am 5'8" and the dress is very short on me. it'
This is a beautiful suit. was looking for a one piece. i ordered online. it is definitely high quality  but i ended up returning it. the colors seemed much more muted than the picture shows. i loved the fit  just wasn't as striking as i expected.
I adore this skirt - it is so soft and flowy. i was not sure if the mesh would be a bit stiff  but it's not at all. the dots are soft as is the main fabric. i could wear this all day long and be very comfy. the underlying fabric is a bit more taupe than gold in color. i am between sizes to i sized up and was glad i did- no pinch at the waist. i love that it's feminine yet funky and could be worn formally or in fun. it is midi-length  as you see on the model. absolutely a great buy!
I'm so glad i bought this. the picture doesn't do it justice. it's lightweight  flowy and super comfy. i'll be wearing this all the time. very lightweight so it doesn't get hot. love the material  it's soft  light and flattering! color says light grey but it does have a bit of a blue/lavender hue to it as another reviewer said. i love cloth & stone and this is one of my favorites! well worth the money!
I picked this top hoping that it would go with the dipped horizon skirt and the color was a perfect match! i love the irregularities in the dye  and the woven back. the cut is boxy  but the fabric is soft and drapes well so very flattering. looks great with white jeans
It was a hard decision  but i'm returning these. they're definitely pretty and well-made. they drape nicely. ultimately  they are too high-waisted and too billowy for most of my tops (which are mostly long and billowy). these trousers are too nice to wear with most of my fitted tanks. even a normal-length t-shirt  untucked  draped weirdly and came down too far on these high-waisted pants. i guess they're too "formal" for what i had in mind - pictured them more like a maxi skirt. if they were hal
Maeve consistently nails pencil skirts - i always know exactly what fabric and fit to expect  and it is flawless! the fabric is soft  lined  and has stretch. it feels as close to wearing sweats as you can in a skirt! the colors are beautiful on this - i'd say in person the colors are a bit deeper and richer than they show in the model photo. length is about the same on me as it is on the model at 5'7" and got my usual s with no issue. this beauty will go with lots of different colored tops too 
I love the look of this dress and i love the way it is cut. the one thing i do not love is the thickness of the material. it is just too much for a summer dress. it just felt heavy and hot. i still love this brand so i am hopeful for a few more great options to come out before summer is over.
Love this top! has a beautiful shape  and it wasn't too long on my 5'3" frame. puella always makes items with lovely  soft cotton  and this is no exception! awesome piece for summer!
Absolutely stunning. the color  the pattern  the quality. i love everything about this top.
Beautiful blouse  very flattering! if you run larger in the bust you might want to select one size larger than you usually wear.
The detail on this top is beautiful  love the embroidery ! i wanted it to work so bad  but it is much too wide  bells out and makes my size 8/10 body look wider than it is  another reviewer mentioned the model must have it pinned on the sides  because the top does not lay like that. it runs large  especially under the arms. too bad......
Great fit even for busty women. ordered an 8 because i usually need the room in the chest area on dresses.(36d-dd) fit nicely without being tight. might have been able to size down but i didn't want to risk being too tight. flattering especially on curves. nice for contemporary office or special occasion. if you like his designs  you won't be disappointed!
This jacket was cute  however  i am normally a large with a bit of room to spare.  this has the irritating issue of not fitting under the arms and across the chest and shoulders.  it is not my shape as most other brands at retailer fit me. this jacket is not sized correctly.
I would highly recommend this top. i usually wear a small petite. but returned the top for an xs petite which fit perfectly. there is a lot of fabric  but if you size down it wasn't an issue for me. i weigh 120lbs and am 5 feet tall. also  i'm busty  34 d. which worried me with this type of top. not a problem. i will wear a blazer or leather short jacket with this. i am very picky and i was happy with the quality. the fabric is not heavy. it's a fantastic purchase!
I like dresses with sleeves as those are more appropriate for work for me. this dress is a smooth material and the asymmetrical bottom adds just a little extra something. i got it in my normal size and i do find it looser/not meant to be body hugging again making it work appropriate.
I bought the grey t with the design around the yoke. it's cute  but the fabric is a little on the thin side. kind of cheap. i'm glad i didn't pay full price for it. runs true to size.
It's hard enough for women to find clothing that will make them look as beautiful as they feel but add a bigger bust size (i'm a 36dd) and it makes it this much harder. i ordered this top because of how beautiful it looked on the model and the price. when it arrived i was so excited! retailer does such a beautiful job with the way they handle their items! it was wrapped beautiful and no damage. i ordered a size 8 knowing that my chest could be a potential problem. the too itself is gorgeous! i did
I love the shape at the neck but the lack of shape really distracted me from loving this top. the fabric is nice but the big  boxy shape on the bottom doesn't do much for you. i agree with the other reviewers tha this top would be great as a maternity top because it really is cute if you have a baby bump. returning the top.
Love the pockets! fits loose  but lies nicely. comfy but able to be dressed up or down. great versatile dress.
I had this on my wish list as soon as it came in. i just bought it last week and i'm so glad i did. i bought the purple print and it is really pretty. here in northern cal i can wear this almost year round. i am often right between sizes when it comes to deletta tops. this one is a little bit big i'm hoping that the extra room will help keep it cool during our 100 degree days.
I sized down from my typical size small. beautiful detail on the back. slightly sheer in front but dark bra or cami fixes that. shorter in front than back but not too short. goes with jeans and pants plus a shorter cardigan or denim jacket would look great.
Loved this top on model. even happier when it went on sale. sort of boxy. but still excited  then within one day there was hole already in the thin tee fabric! disappointed. my other tees i purchased are fine.
The cowl and cuffs of the dress are thick and heavy sweater material  but the dress itself is extremely thin. the non-belted pictures do not show how much volume there is to the dress  which was enormous in my normal size.
Runs a little small in the shoulders/bust
I've had a lot of misses from retailer lately. i've loved this dress since i first saw it in the spring/summer releases and gave it a try when it went on sale. when it arrived i literally lol. it's an ill fitting nightgown. the size small was a tent on me and it's so flimsy and sheer it probably shouldn't be worn in public. there's a short sheer slip that comes with it but unfortunately doesn't do much. pass  ladies.
I purchased this in navy and love it. my only complaint is that is is a little big in the shoulders. i am about 5'4"  129 lbs and the small is still a bit too big. aside from that  it is a great design and length and i've worn it both with jeans and leggings / boots.
I found it hard to pair with bottoms. fit wasn't very flattering for me.
I loved the color and the neckline was flattering. however  it would have fit me better in a petite size bc i am 5'3" and a 32f. it fits slim so to fit in my bust it was too long. also didn't think the fabric was good quality for this price.
The suit is beautiful  however the white it is slightly see-through on the bottom front. even though it is slight  to me that is inappropriate...so i returned it. regarding sizing  i ordered a medium  i usually wear a size 6 (135lbs) and my body is evenly proportioned throughout. the medium was not tight at all but the back bottom region seemed cut just slightly less than "full coverage". i feel that i would be in-between sizes small and medium but did not try a small due to the slightly transpa
I received this top and loved the pattern. however  i ordered both and s and m  and the bust sizing on this top is very odd. i am a 34c  and the bust area was way too big on both  but if i had sized down to the xs the rest of the suit would be too small. maybe it's just made for busty people? also the supportive material in the bust area goes straight across kind of like a bandeau  so that added to the odd look of the bust. it's still a beautiful pattern  so if you're going to give it a try orde
This is absolutely adorable and so flattering! i have the patterned shirt  and i just purchased the white one and the orange one because i like it so much. i am 5 ft. 9" and 155 lbs. and the medium fits nicely. hope this helps!
I snapped this up under the 20% off top sale and free shipping because it looks so pretty. i ordered a large because i usually take a large or xl in tops. it is huge! i could have taken a medium if not for the lining -- which is tiny! the lining does not cover the chest and bra area and hits the belly button area while the orange part falls down to the hips. and it looks like a block and makes me look wide. who needs that? like i said  a medium would fit better and would not be so wide  but i fe
I usually get a large in tops that don't come in tall due to my long torso. thanks to the reviews on this one  i got the white top in a medium.  the medium fit perfectly.   it looked just like it does on the model and not like a maternity top at all.  the material is thick enough that the white wasn't see through.  i paired it with some crop skinny pants and a statement necklace and received many compliments on it.  the top is a little bland and needs some kind of jewelry to really make it.  oth
Side slit goes up far when seated so beware  wear on a non bloated day ;) but very comfy and unforced sexified wore it with a fluffy sweater  lots of looks
I wanted to love this. i have been looking for a poncho-type sweater for our cold midwestern winters. the cream colored one that i really wanted sold out instantly and i missed the window for the xxsp. i ordered this in the xs/sp (smallest size available). i am 5'1" and 108 lbs with small shoulders. the neck opening is huge. my collar bones and a seciton of my upper back were exposed. this would not keep me warm due to so much exposed skin on my neck  back  and shoulders. i suppose i could get a
I'm so glad i saw this pretty dress on sale as my eye overlooked when it was introduced. i have to agree with the previous reviewer that the zipper on this adorable dress is yucky to grab and zip. i also wish there were pockets but it's not a deal breaker. perfect dress for autumn/winter especially with a thin layer to wear underneath as the armholes are cut a bit large  showing my side boob and bra. i had to go two sizes up because 10p was sold out. skirt profile looks a little too wide  so i'l
I bought the tiny brand "cassia" tank last week in a small  and it fits beautifully. i ordered this "sorcha" tank in a small as well and it is huge! i am very sad about the huge size difference. look closely at the photos... the fabric twists as it goes over the shoulders to the back....it is quite bulky. hard to tell if that would minimize in a smaller size. my store doesn't carry this item so i can't easily try another.
I didn't end up keeping this dress...it just wasn't right for me. it is very cute and fit well but the fabric was very thin (partially lined which is a plus) and the hem line coming up on the sides made it just too short for me. i ordered the petite xs and liked the length in front and back well but the side slit/vent was just too high for my liking. the tie part hit at the perfect spot for me at only 5'4" (~118#). i guess i just didn't "love" it and would rather save my funds for something i ca
This top has dry clean only. didn't like the fabric. plus mine was a return. i also returned it because the left arm has a hole. now it's for sale again. if your looking to buy a large. don't.
I bought this top in all four colors. soft material  elegant design  relaxed fit- a true staple for every closet!
First  the product arrived in a very small bag that made for many  many wrinkles - almost impossible to determine what it might look like. shame on retailer for sending their items in this manner. secondly  i don't know how individuals wear this with a bra. the back is cut so low that my bra back band partially showed - not my idea of a good look. third  the front necessitated a cami  and there is no way a cami can be worn due to how it is cut in the back. returning now  and i just received it.
When i first saw this shirt online i was so excited! it reminded me of why i love shopping in the fall! unfortunately when it came i was so disappointed. in person the fabric and the colors are gorgeous. it's fairly lightweight for a flannel but so soft and comfy cozy. i love the navy/cream polka dot that is on the inside of the cuffs and collar as well  and the buttons are cute too! when i put it on it was so comfortable  but it made me look like i was pregnant! especially from the side it just
This is a rare review for me  i usually love my retailer purchases  even at times when other reviewers aren't fans  but this top is terrible. 5'4" 103  32 b for reference  small frame  athletic  bought the xs in black. the length could have been longer  but i could have lived with the length. the arm hole area  however  a different story. because it's boxy  and the fabric is stiffer bc of the large flowers  the top sticks out on the sides under the arm holes leaving a gape  it did not fit snuggly
These pants have a very odd design but they are so soft and so comfortable i could not resist. going on a trip to key west and thought they would be great for the plane ride. they fit true to size. could not pass up as they were on sale.
5'7"  34c  28 jeans  4 dress. ordered a small and a medium. never tried on the medium. the small was a little big in the waist  but what threw me for a loop was the chest. huge! could work if it's meant to be blousey  but the armholes were massive. if an xs is returned  i might give it a shot. but i can't imagine what women who are smaller than me are going to do in this jumpsuit. great color  transitions into fall easily. cannot be belted or wear a camisole due to the opening at the stomach. sh
I wanted to love these  but the zipper is extremely short and they were not flattering on my thicker thighs and large behind. the fabric is so soft  however and the color is great. would work on a less curvy woman!
Beautiful in pictures and i loved it before i tried it on. as the other reviews state  it is short and wide. i like the top so much  i am going to try to add some gathering across the back to offer some shape. otherwise it is an unflattering shapeless box :(
In the photo and from far away this top looks more elegant than it truly is. wearing it feels like something better suited for sleeping in. it's a sweatshirt with the sleeves torn off and raw edges  which looks rather cheap and sloppy.
I&#39;ve been eyeing this dress for weeks. finally i took the plunge and bought it! the velvet is gorgeous and the style is fun and playful. i know many of the reviewers said it was running large  but i had to order an xl because i nearly got stuck in the l (no stretch). im normally a size 16 and carry most of my weight in my stomach butt and hips. definitely more of a shift than a swing. however its still just lovely. looking forward to paring it with a kimono for a wedding tomorrow!
1. i've been waiting forever for these to finally arrive. i was a bit disappointed.    2. i'm 5'5" tall  145 lbs  and 38-32-40. my normal size 30's fit me perfectly  if a bit loose. they fit a lot like the hyphens.    3. the legs are short and wide. they hit me at the ankle  which made them look like high waters on me.    4. the legs are very  very wide  and i didn't think that was flattering on me.    5. same comfy fabric and fit as the hyphens  except the front seemed to dip low at the waist i
This cardigan is very cute in the picture and i really wanted to love it but it just didn't seem worth the price. the material is kind of itchy to me and i wasn't a huge fan of the wide edges in the front. the colour is very nice and feminine.
Not what i expected. they ran very small and the fabric seemed cheap for the price. returned.
I really liked the top once i saw it  but it needs to be worn with a cami underneath. the fabric is a little stiff. it runs true to size and it fits like a peplum top with extra space around the waist. the top is not really crocheted by hand it was done by machine  but it is a nice top.
Fabric much heavier than looks in picture. also nothing mentioned in the description. great color and fit but i live in florida.
This is a very pretty jacket. light weight and perfect for spring/fall. i had ordered it online as it was not in my retailer store. i did end up returning it though. it does run large  i am usually a l/xl and based on previous reviews i did size down and get the l. the pockets for me were a little big an pushed out having an unflattering look! i was sad to have to send this one back! i was hoping to love it! someone smaller might love it!!
This shirt fits very closely to the body. it has a very strange fit in the shoulder  though. the arms themselves are really long  far past my hands  yet it's very tight in the shoulder and under arm area. for reference  i am 5'10"  130 pounds and ordered a small  which is what i usually need.
So much extra fabric. not something i would recommend buying online.
The photo misrepresents how large this sweater is. it is giant! petite ladies stay away from this sweater. i ordered an xs and usually can manage to fit in a regular xs  but this just floored me. the neckline wouldn't even stay up on my upper body  it was that loose. also the width of the sweater does not at all hug the body as shows on the model. it is like a tent. i'm so bummed. the color blue is nice and the sweater is really soft. it's too bad it doesn't fit smaller women.
I bought this dress to wear to an out of state wedding. first time wearing  when i tied the strap  the pull through at the top of the halter broke with minimal stress. i sewed it back with a repair kit from the hotel but was worried the whole night the dress would not hold up. if this is all that is holding the dress on  it should be more secure with reinforced stitching. beautiful material and comfortable.
Not for petite women  you need to have a long figure for this tunic to drape like it does on the model. if it ever goes on sale i will purchase it but not worth the full price for me at the moment.
Love the look of these- casual or dressy depending on what you pair with them. they are so comfortable! edgy but relaxed - joggers with a leather look- what more could you ask for?
I love these overalls  but they run very small?i had to return and reorder.
What a huge disappointment! i was really looking forward to wearing this top but it is very tight and awkward around the bust. if you have any semblance of a chest  this is not for you! i am a 38c and this was a no go. the quality of the top seems to be top notch but the fit was just no. it felt restrictive and it was hard to even move my arms and i have slender arms.
O.k. i soo wanted to love this dress. if you are slim and small chested it is true to size and lovely. i am slim and tall 5'9 but am large chested. a 36d i usually wear an 8/10 so bought a 10. it was too tight around my chest and back. so i went up a size to a 12. it was better but not exactly comfortable. i could get away with it but for the price had to send it back. the idea of going up another size yet again was a thought but i worried it wouldn't solve my issue.
This is a beautiful sweater -- soft  lovely color and easy to wear. the current photo is more true to the length. i am 5'2" and 128 pounds and ordered the regular sm and it fits just below my hips.
A lovely  creatively designed tunic that just isn't for me.  the embroidery is certainly intricate and the chambray shirt has a wearable hand  but the combination on my body type didn't look quite right  probably because i am too top heavy and apple torsoed.  i think if i were more slender  the fit would look like a flattering dress.  i had purchased the size 10 and i am 36dd 140#.
I received tons of compliments on this adorable jumper and felt like i was wearing comfy pajamas. i wore it to a baby shower and it was a hit. i'm 5'4" and it was a bit long and needed to be hemmed  otherwise it's perfect!
The fabric is beautiful  even the lining is lovely. i ordered the green color in a large  as i'm curvy and have long arms. but it just doesn't lay correctly at all - the collar has no structure  even though it's a lapel  and the side vents just pop out - the jacket added about 10lbs  and just looked frumpy. it looks much more tailored on the model. too bad  as i have been looking for a velvet blazer in the color for a long time.
This top is really cute but shorter in length than expected.  plus  it shrunk considerably!
Beautiful dress  but it just didn't look that flattering on me. the quality was nice and it looked just like the picture. unfortunately it just looked shapeless on me so i had to return it. the dress is probably more flattering if you have long legs to show off  i definitely don't!
The fabric on this top is just so soft. it's a thin cotton knit  and drapes beautifully.    the top runs tts  but.....it is tailored to the body. it's not loose and wide in the width. the length hits the top of the hips just as shown.    this works for casual or dress. for dress  i just put a fancy rhinestone pin over where the knot is. btw  i bought this in black  which is why adding the pin glams it up. although i bought it in black  it's not sheer so a cami isn't needed.
This bathing suit has everything. i especially love the ruching in the waist and the boy short bottom. finally the coverage my booty needs. i've worn it dozens of times and it still holds its quality and looks brand new. i get a lot of compliments every time i wear it. the only drawback is it doesn't dry very quickly. after a dip in the pool or the lake it stays wet for hours even when i'm laying out in the summer heat.
The blue has three colors of stripes: blue  white and black 9between white and blue). the black stripe made it too busy for me. the material is soft and clingy. i followed the advice of previous reviewer and sized up to a m (normally wear s). the shirt fit as pictured on the model  not tight but form fitting.
I love this tee! the material is thick but not too thick. it's highly flattering- i love that the sleeves are a longer short sleeve to cover up the bingo wings. the shimmer on the front adds something special.
The detailing on this dress is beautiful. the cotton fabric is good quality and has a nice weight to it. i love the print. as for the fit  i sized down one size because of the reviews  and the s fit perfectly. i am a 34 d  and the dress is slightly snug in the bust and perfectly fitted in the waist. i line dried the dress because of that. the zipper does stick a little at the waist when zipping. i can't wait to wear it.
I love this blouse. the lace panels are slightly sheer  but nothing inappropriate. the solid fabric is a lovely sort of heavy crepe. stunning bright cobalt blue color. i'm an xl in retailer and this top fit well in xl; ever so slightly snug at one part on the sleeve but nothing noticeable or uncomfortable. be aware  this did bleed blue when it was soaking and it did drip blue water while it was air drying on the hanger. while this blouse is still wet i would stretch out the sides and sleeves to ge
The material is structured enough to flatter the body. only concern was over time the straps may wither as they are thin. very happy with the style and comfort of this jumpsuit. pockets on side are also useful yet discreet.
I love this shirt. i actually bought two in black (my "uniform")  then decided to order one in white as well. however  the white shirt fit differently than the two black ones! it was significantly shorter; over 2' shorter! while the black tee is the perfect length  the shorter white version wasn't flattering on me and kind of flared out around my waist...not the best look. that being said  i know the black shirt will be in heavy rotation for a while  and the people at retailer were very und
Surprisingly  this poncho is both flattering and soft. i must say i didn't think the fabric would be as soft  since a lot of knits have wool  but this is great.  i purchased both xs/s and xs/s p.  the petite was just slightly more fitted  so i went with that. i love the boat neck  on me  it gives the poncho an elegant look. colors are nice and neutral.i  think i will wear this with dresses and jeans  both. great purchase. (115 lbs  30dd  26.5 in waist)
This dress is so beautiful it makes me feel like a goddess  lol. i'm normally a 10/12 or m/l and took a 12. i think the 10 would have worked too. everything from the colors  fit and flow of the dress is wonderful. i didn't have any problem with there being too much fabric as some of the reviews mentioned.
I was very impressed with the quality of the satin. this top can easily be dressed up or down. i purchased the white and love it! the almost full zip back makes for easy on and off. i ordered a medium and think it runs a little big.
I saw this online and went to the store to try it on. so glad i did! it did not work on me at all! it is so wide - just did not look right. it was also not flattering at the neckline either. i thought it was beautiful until i had it on! too bad - wanted to love it!
I was looking forward to trying this on after seeing it in the catalog. i wear an xs or small in retailer tops and tried this on in an xs. it was huge. reminded me of a maternity top. it was much more flowy on me than it looks on the model. the material was nice  thin but not see through. the macrame detailing seemed well made. i'd recommend this if you're looking for a flowy top but definitely size down.
This is a simplistic beauty. the colors are lovely and as pictured. i believe it is tts but if your small busted you could probably go down a size. i personally stayed with my small and i lke the flow of it. the flannel has a nice weight to it so you can wear this fall  winter and early spring if you live in a cooler climate.
This is an awesome pointelle sweater. i love angel of the north sweaters. i bought the small (34b) and it fit tts. the pleats in the back hang without pulling. it also flatters the figure with it's shaping. it is a lightweight sweater in a great shade of red. just love it!
I'd wish i'd gotten this in a small.. i'm a true medium and its pretty big on me. that being said i still love it and will continue to wear it. the v part of the neck lays kind of funny after washing. i might try to sew it down.
I absolutely love this suit and was very disappointed to have to return it! it is really well made and the fabric colors/design is beautiful in person. unfortunately it just did not fit my body type. i am athletic build with a smaller chest and thicker behind  120lbs  5'4. the small was definitely the right size for me  but the back of the suit cut way high up on the butt so that a lot of the rear is exposed  which just did not work well for me. this will work great for someone with a smaller bu
The blouse is lovely - i loved the lace  color (though just as other reviewers mentioned its a darker blue closer to a teal color) and edging. i am very petite  for reference  5'2"  24 waist and 30e and normally wear a 00 or 00p. the 00 was still too wide for me around the waist/bottom and had too much of a swingy effect - it made me look like i was pregnant so i sadly returned. i wish this had more of a fitted look to it.
The colors in the green shirt are beautiful  however the cut looked like a maternity top on me. i'm 5'6" 120#  not very busty. must try it on to match the right body type; i'm thinking very tall  wispy   less curves...
Yummy  soft material  but very faded looking. so much so that i am sending it back. if a faded look is something you like  then this is for you.
No  but i'm not a small person. i'm 5'8  a size 6 on top  8 on bottom. i don't love this on the model online  but i saw this on naomi's blog  love taza  and thought it looked amazing. i tried it on in my retailer  and while they only had a m/l  since i'm tall  i figured that'd be fine. oh. no. not fine. it's huge. like  it could almost cover a twin bed. it was a couple inches longer on me than on the model  and doesn't arc down in a drape nearly as well  so just looks  huuuge. i thought i was bein
Yes  $48 may feel like a lot to pay for a tshirt  but this is one is worth it -- i can wear this with *everything*! i bought this in grey  and the quality and style are just right to pair with a high waisted skirt or black skinny pants to wear out at night  or wear with regular jeans and a cardigan during the day. one of the best retailer purchases i've made in a while!
I love the style of this top. hand washed before wearing and it looks like a rag before i even got to wear it. very disappointed since i thought it would be a very practical tank.
I think i received a mislabeled vest?? when i opened the package  i thought it was some sort of joke!  i was expecting what the stock photos show  a longer length flowy sweater vest.... mine was literally child sized. i'm not a big person at all.. i'm 5'6"  135 lbs  and wear a 6/8. i ordered this in a m/l  thinking i would like it loose. i tried it on thinking  maybe it will look longer once on.. no.. not even. i looked ridiculous. the front hit above the waist of my jeans and the back hit middl
I love the simplicity of this. it's not fussy at all. i fell in love with the green color online. fortunately someone had returned a green to my closest store though it wasn't my size. the color is even better in person.i tried on the blue (also pretty) in a 8 and 10  as i'm all over the place in retailer sizing. i could've taken either but the 10 had too much material on top for me. i ordered the 8. i'm hoping it won't be too short for church.
I wouldn't be so unhappy if these pants cost about 75% less. they are so cheaply constructed. one wash and they're all but guaranteed to shrink. the material is so cheap and flimsy not at all what i expect from retailer. they are also 32 inch inseam not 35.5 as stated on the web site which is the whole reason i bought them.
This shirt was just really missing something for me. i originally liked the patter of the small dots all over the fabric  especially with the sleeves being more sheer than the rest of the blouse. i also am tending to gravitate toward clothes that hide my residual baby fat in my midsection. however  the tie is very high up on the neck and it made me feel like i was wearing a turtleneck. i rarely wear turtle necks because they make me feel like i am choking. in addition  the bow seemed to be too t
Definitely size down  the waist and chest were baggy in my normal size s.
Love the design with the buttons down the back but unfortunately this did not work for me. the colors were brighter than shown on the website which was my first disappointment  i prefer more muted colors. the second disappointment was the material. for me it was just too itchy. unfortunately  this one's going back.
This was my absolute favorite top before it transferred dye onto the driver's seat in my car. >:-( there is nothing in the language of the care tag which advises to wash before wearing because of the possibility of dye transfer to other surfaces. the care instructions say that is is washable with like colors and  in fact  recommends dry cleaning. really? and dry cleaning will remove all of that excess dye? don't think so. after i discovered the dye transfer on my car seat  i washed the top in a
A great casual top for warm weather - the linen ensures its structure stands out  and the structure gives it more interest than a plan tee. does a fine job of hiding minor midsection lumpiness. can be dressed up a bit if worn with linen or cotton trousers. i bought the yellow and was pleased to find it wasn't too transparent. i bought the small and found it tts for an american small (bigger than a uk or european small). a versatile keeper.
I tried this on in store and since my usual size 6 wasn't available i tried on a 4. it was a little snug in the upper sleeves and shoulders but was lovely otherwise. i passed on it and waited for it to go on sale to order it online. i got it in my usual size 6 but it seemed to me like it was 2 sizes bigger than the 4. i have decided to keep it but i just wasn't thrilled with the fit.
I really wanted to love this sweater. the quality is good and it looks beautiful - until you need to lift your arms. i did end up keeping it but it is limited to when and where i can wear it due to the arm restrictions. i can see it in the picture but didn't notice until purchasing - the arm holes and right next to the bottom of the sweater. slight design flaw.
This is going to be a favorite. the fabric is substantial without being heavy. it has a beautiful drape. this blouse is loose but skims the body closer rather than being blousy. it works perfectly worn with a skirt or pants and belted or tucked but is not too blousy if left unbelted. i purchased the black with the lovely feather pattern. the colors are vibrant. i'm always looking for something black with some color because i tend to wear a lot of black on the bottom. this fit true to size. i am
I love this sweater! it's vivid  soft and high quality. it's a little shorter than i'd normally go for  but it will look great with a mid to high rise jean. it runs true to size and meant to be roomy. the red is very vibrant.
This dress looks so elegant and perfect for transition from work to night. it looks great on the model but it looked terrible on my. it's a lovely material but the middle added girth to my stomach area which i did not care for.
This cardigan is light weight and can be used for all seasons. additionally  you can wear it tied in the front or down for a cascade look. can be worn for the office or with jeans. love this little good for everything closet staple!
I really wanted to like this shirt  but it made me look 9 months pregnant. which would be fine if i were pregnant.  it sits wired in the bust and flows out in the front and back. not flattering at all.
So happy this came back into stock! beautiful trench! love the flared skirt. the coat is perfect for the warming weather here on the east coast. it adds elegance and sophistication to any outfit. a must!
I have the purple and the white. i purchased the purple first in m. it wasn't too big to return  but it was a little roomier than necessary but when i saw the white on sale  i purchased it in s which fit just fine--still plenty roomy as the style allows. both these are cute alone and also with a little sweater or denim jacket. i haven't washed them yet but i imagine washing on delicate with a good gentle detergent will keep them looking nice for a long time.
I purchased both the floral sleep shorts and the top. the floral watercolor pattern is gorgeous and the fabric is very soft. like the other reviewers  i appreciate the feminine quality of this set while also being able to run around the house. i am 135 lbs and purchased a s.
Dress runs a little small  tight on top. so i had to exchange from a size 8 to a size 10. originally ordered a petite but petite wasnt available in the 10 so i will probably have to get altered for an extra expense. the material is light and soft  flowers are muted. maybe would of prefered a little sleeve but design is so cute.
So much about this dress is wonderful - the fabric is a nice weight  the color is gorgeous (i got this in the blue)  the length on the petite hits right above the knee. unfortunately  i got a 12p - my usual size in antho dresses - and the elastic waistband was on my boobs rather than under them. i've got a sizable bust (36g)  so this happens from time to time. i'm exchanging for a regular  which hopefully will have a little more room  but busty gals beware! at least it's not too low cut!
Wasn't sure about sizing so i ordered the xl and they fit my 5'3"  153 lb frame. they'd work for any height because they gathered quite a bit around my ankles but easily adjusted to look like they fit. amazingly  they don't show the squishy bits at all. it's a substantial thick knit. i'm returning because i don't have the body for these and i'm short waisted so the top  wide  slenderizing part of the waistband starts well above the area where i carry my weight in my tummy  mid section. i highly
This sweater looks great with chambray colored denim. i wear it with jeans  shift dresses and even leggings. definitely one of my go to sweaters for the fall.
I'm usually a small but the skirt of the dress was a bit loose and added love handles to my figure when i wear it. a smaller size would work better. it's cute and i love it but the material is form fitting and do a larger size isn't flattering. an xsmall for me
I am returning this dress as it looks pretty matronly once it's on. the top was also very tight in the arms and chest (i am 5'9"  140lbs  and 34d).
I loved the look of this blouse online. i really wanted a cute eyelet top for summer. the blouse looked great out of the package but the fit was not good. i am a 00p and 32 b bra size  this top was too tight across my chest but billowed out in the back. its as if the armholes were too far forward. it is fairly short but i am short waisted. i really wanted this top to work but i had to return it. if i went up one size the back of the blouse would have been ridiculously large and the top was too e
I love j brand  however the fit of these jeans was all wrong for me. they were perfect from the knee up  however they stuck out too much at the bottom. a slight taper from the knee down would have made them perfect. i had to return them.
This dress fitted me like a glove. i ordered the size 4  at 5ft7 and 130lbs  it was perfect though i could not weigh two pounds more. i cannot wait to wear it  it has that wow thing going for it  very good quality too.
I absolutely adore peplum tops  although some of them are made for individuals with short torsos. this one is beautifully designed with a long torso and flowing wrists. there is a nice balance between the fitted torso and then the flowing peplum and sleeves. the best thing of all is the fabric  which is a stretchy mid-weight jacquard. it is easy to get on  with a zipper in the back. i am sure i will get a lot of use out of this as the weather turns cooler and i plan on pairing it with pencil ski
The fabric and design are gorgeous so i was hoping the top would work for me. sadly  it looked ridiculous on me. i wouldn't recommend the top for busty girls. it looked like a bell on me. fyi  it doesn't come with a camisole underneath.
I got the blue with polka dots. it fits more like a midi dress. it is a bit large  i'm usually a size 10 and got a size 8. it's gorgeous on. i don't think i'll be needing a bra underneath this. it's got a supportive band and the ribbon also helps. i might order the other bold print too  it just looks so good on.
I bought the blue and the white - the white is very sheer. the fabric is more scratchy on the outside than the inside - i wore it the whole day and it was not an issue for me.
I bought this top in black  and it fits my body type really well. it is probably one of my favorite purchases from retailer recently. the black top is really slimming and is a great cut. i usually have trouble finding tops that are long enough for me  but this top is definitely a great length.
The colors weren't what i expected either. the dark blue is much more vibrant and i just couldn't find anything to really go with it. fabric is thick and good quality. has nice weight and movement to it. the skirt just wasn't for me  in the end.
Love this top! tried it on in the store & loved it more. it's a great transitional piece with rich colors. the top is sheer so will need to layer with a camisole. haven't worn yet so can't speak to how well it will wash.
Love it! cute  flattering  and even though the material is thin - it is still very cozy. i have no complains about the quality; i haven't found any loose threads or other issues.    the cardigan runs tts. i got m instead of my usual s (because s was out of stock)  and it's a little loose in the armpits. but i still like the cardigan and i'm keeping it.
I loved the look of this sweater on-line  but it just didn't work for me. the fit wasn't good enough. the style okay. the color fine. the feel  scratchy. overall  it did not work for my body.
The fabric is too sheer  also looks like sleepwear. just not my thing.
I love coats and have a collection of unique ones and this one is in my top 3! wow is it a stunner! totally different and very classy. not my every day coat but will be used for dinner outings and special occasions with the right outfit. i did reinforce the buttons since there had been many complaints about that  which is why i only gave it 4 stars for quality. great design on this one retailer!
I am 5'7 and 125lbs w a muscular bubble butt from climbing and biking. usually have trouble w shorts fitting right because my legs and waist don't match my butt. these shorts run large   i got a medium which should have been okay but they stretched out quite a bit after one wear so am returning for a small. it's crazy for my butt to be in a "small"anything. so- if you are a skinny minny  or have a flat butt  these may not work for you in that you don't have anything to hold these up besides the
I just can't get past how different the blouse i got is from the photo. mine has dark colors  really dark colors.  this top fits a bit large and the neck is quite wide. i thought it flowed well and fit nicely in my regular size large. i liked the length and the fact that it's shorter than shown. it still covered my bum.  the back has a cute peplum ruffle and there are little bronze colored beads along the bottom edge in both the front and back. i would have kept it had been the blouse shown in t
This dress is probably the most comfortable dress i've ever had! the fabric is very comfortable and breathable  and it flatters my straight body type.
This dress is adorable. the colors are vibrant and very eye catching. i found it runs tts -- for reference i'm 5'4" 140lbs and i ordered a 6. the dress is fitted on top with some very nice/forgiving pleats around the stomach.
Made by dawn suits are the bomb. the bottom is a tiny bit cheeky  but not thong territory- just enough side leg to be seriously sexy. the quality is fantastic  soft with nude lining. love the retro feel to the high neck top- enough support even for my 36d's. so comfy  i forgot i was wearing it at lunch. the normal triangle tops cut into my shoulders/neck  and this style does not. amazing quality and well worth the price.  fyi- large top fit perfectly  but i needed a medium bottom.
Bummer  i loved the lacy bell arms and everything about the look of this sweater but it is huge in the abdomen. seriously looks maternity to me. the neck is also too wide. the quality of the material is very nice and the weight is nice and heavy but the cut just didn't work on me. i returned this one.
This is by far the cutest  most glamorous one piece i have ever tried on! it fits perfectly and is flattering in the right places  it doesn't show too much cleavage and is modest enough for family events. absolutely love this suit in navy. wasn't in love with the rest of the patterns  hoping they come out in more solid colors someday soon!
This tunic is perfection! this tunic will be perfect with jeans or leggings and can be dressed up or be worn casual. it does run big. i am normally a medium/large in shirts and took a medium with room to spare. i probably could have worn a small too  but smalls tend to be tight on my shoulders. this is a must buy!
I adore this top. the fit is amazing. the colors are vibrant and will transition beautifully into spring. i think it looks great with skinny jeans. i am built small up top size m and the 6 fit perfectly. the buttons did not gape at all.
The design and fabric on this suit are even more gorgeous in person than on-line. i am 5'4" and between 138/140 and ordered a medium. the thing i especially like about this suit is that it has adequate cup size and support. i am a 36c or d depending on the bra and this suit is very flattering and provides nice coverage and cup support. the straps can be shortened if you want a little more bust support. the material and design of the suit itself feel substantial and even without the straps  it do
This is a great pullover. very cute for lounging at home or running errands. it does run large  i ordered an xs & it's pretty big. for reference  i'm 5'7''  125 lbs & 34 b. it is also a little pricey for lounge wear but i am keeping it because it is so cute.
The model looks awesome in this cute top  but on me it looked boxy but was too tight around the chest and was too short (for reference  i'm 5'7 " 140 lbs.  and 34c). the front is non-stretchy eyelet lace cotton fabric  yet the back is stretchy. in theory  it's pretty  but in reality it doesn't work - at least for me. i think it might work for someone petite with a smaller chest.
I am a big fan of maeve tops. i love the beading and structure of this top. despite the fullness of the design  the fit is flattering
This is a cute top that is very soft and comes in nice colors. it's body hugging  but not clingy. i'm 5'5" 120 with square shoulders and a longer torso  and when i initially tried a small i thought it looked ok  but when i tried on the extra small it looked much better. the way the top is cut it fits a bit weird under the arms  as you can see in the photos  but it wasn't enough to keep me from picking up a few colors when it went on sale. i like wearing this under a jacket or cardigan with jeans
What can i say? this is a winner! it is stunning  gorgeous  a perfect summer dress that looks like sunshine and orange sorbet. it is classic  early 1960s look  which is exactly my style! i am usually a 14 or a 16  so i went with a 16 based on the reviews  and it fits divinely. i don't need another orange dress  but this is a keeper!
I've wanted a vest for the past few years and could never find the perfect one until now. the material is perfect and the colors are amazing. it's definitely a vest that you can wear all year. i would 100% recommend this.
I bought these in the mustard color and the salmon color.  i didn't have a problem with general fading  but used natural  mild stain remover (biokleen) and the pants were ruined. one faded where i sprayed and the other has a permanent water mark.  cold wash and line dried. such a bummer that these pants aren't every day wearable and washable!
This is a great top. i almost walked right by it because it is so simplistic compared to the other things in retailer. i just wanted something super casual and this fits the bill. the fabric is a dream and it has a nice drape without being overly voluminous. i usually love white tops but the white was my least favorite. i ended up getting the moss and the gray. i could have gotten either the xs or the s. i went with the small because it was a little longer and had a wee bit more room in the upper
This is a great dress that i wear to work  but would also wear to a cocktail party or wedding. it rides up a tiny but  but is long enough that i feel completely comfortable. it is tiny up top so i'd recommend ordering up if you have any chest - i'm 5'4"  100lbs  bra size 32b and it was a two-person job to get the bodice zipped.
Rompers are my fav so i'm biased writing this review. although they are a little tricky with the fit i definitely can say that this beauty makes my body look amazing! the cut of the fabric makes for a great shape. yes  the first couple of buttons  are tough to get on but i'm guessing that after a couple of wears it will get easier. i got my usual size 4 and it fit like it was made specifically for me. i'm very happy with this purchase.
I just wore this dress tonight to my holiday party and received many compliments on it. it's so comfortable and even though the fabric is thick  it's not bulky or stiff like some embroidered fabric can be. and the side pockets make a great addition too. unlike other reviews  i thought the armholes were perfect. the cutout in the back is a nice touch  and i was able to wear a regular bra with it. the colors are beautiful and true to the pic  i was not surprised by the "brightness" of it like othe
Purchased this sweater as a gift for my daughter and when i saw it wanted one for myself. it is a light to medium weight and works well with jeans or for work. the sweater is shaped smaller at bottom and is flattering. the one problem was that when you raise your arms  the sweater also rises to expose your torso. it was returned.
This is a pretty top but the arm sleeves are scratchy. i have sensitive skin  and had to return it because of this. otherwise  it would have been a keeper.
I agree with the other reviewer: the snaps at the ankle are a cute idea  but bad in execution. they look and feel odd when on. ---------- these fit tts  and they are soft with decent stretch. but the rise is much lower on me than other 8.5" rise jeans i have; as a 43 year-old woman they seemed inappropriately low-hanging on me. ---------- as an aside  these will def. color transfer - there is a whole lotta rinse on these. and they have a strange chemical smell to them; not sure if that will diss
I got this at the sale price and it fits great. the bottom was wrinkled so it was not as open at the end like the picture but i am sure an iron will help.
So you're thinking this is a red and black skirt right? nope. it's an obnoxious cherry red netting with cranberry crushed velvet insets overlaid on bright red actual spandex. spandex that shows every wrinkle and panty line. it's really god awful.
I really like the dress  the material  the print and the pleated skirt are totally fun. however  the neckline is a bit to low  and a cami is necessary  at least for me. the material is very sheer  which will be noted on the sleeves and the lower skirt where the liner falls short ( about 4 inches above the knee).the main draw back i personally have with this dress is taking it off. there are no zippers or buttons. getting it on is easy  not so when taking it off!
I so wanted to love this dress! the fabric is gorgeous the styling beautiful and the construction is great - however  the armholes are cut too generously. i am 5'4"  138 pounds and 36d. i ordered the black in a size 10. it fit me perfectly everywhere but the armholes. even with an undergarment  too much is exposed. i am sadly returning this.
I thought this would be cute with leggings based upon the length on the model. i forget that the models are almost 6 feet tall. this has a polyester slip goes under it that snaps onto the shoulders. it came down to my knees and was completely like a sack no leggings and boots with this one. lovely material but not at all figure flattering.
The dress looks better than the pictures online. it also arrives quite quickly after i placed my order. i am about 126 lbs and 4p fits me perfectly. the embroidery is so radiant in multiple colors against the navy blue dress. i am very please with this purchase.
The collar on this sweater is too stiff for my taste. the color and fabric is really nice. just wish the collar was different.
So this shirt is adorable. soft  fun  lays nicely...  but you should have your arms amputated and replaced with a barbie's before you put it on.   i don't even have large arms  the medium fit me perfectly  but then like i hulked out the arms and there are now little tears at the seams. this was all very confusing and vexing as this shirt is otherwise perfection.     i mean  i'm not a large? but i guess if i want this shirt  i will need to take it back and get a large  otherwise  it will be sleev
I bought this sweater in the lovely lilac and black. the sweater is a typical cotton weave in the front with more of a t-shirt material on the back. the drape is lovely after a quick iron. swingy with a flirty neckline. my middle us still recovering from baby #2 and this does a nice job of covering the bump. interestingly  i think they went overboard on the fabric and pleats and i could easily have down sized  from a large (wear size 12) to a medium.
Take a look at this dress in person or on instagram. the model photos on this website make it look washed out and bridal. irl the lace is a gorgeous ivory tone that looks great casual and dressed up. i'll be wearing this with leather and denim! i chose the smallest of my size range and it fits very comfortably. if you are busty you may want to size up. i am 135# 36c 38/27/35 and i bought size 8.
I am 5'8" 140 lbs.  34b  and i ordered the 6 in denim. the dress is certainly tts: the 6 fit like a glove but wasn't at all tight. perhaps my expectations were too high with this dress--based on the other reviews  i thought that it would be perfect for my pear-shaped figure. however  i found that the a-line skirt accentuated my lower half  thereby making me look larger than i am  so i sent it back. otherwise  this is a great dress. it certainly did manage to hide lumps and bumps in spite of bein
This dress had so much potential. looked cute when i received it. put it on & couldn't wait to take it off. it's shapeless  top heavy & just overall unflattering. the material could be cute....on a totally different dress. don't waste your money.
Despite other reviewers comments on size - i really wanted this one to work so i ordered it. i'm typically a size xs and d chest and instead i ordered a small. the body of the sit for well but the cups of the suit i'd said for more for a b. (if i lifted my arms i would literally come out of it) a final comment on this suit - it looked like there were these little sticky spots all over the suit like stickers had been removed. it was reticketed and it didn't really feel "brand new" when it arrived
I can't stop wearing this. it's perfect for layering! the fit is great-loose but not a bag. i love that it's a wide open knit.
This is that one special  whimsical beauty that you hope to open on christmas morning. super comfy  not at all itchy and the pattern and colors are super stunning. even more vivid in person. i've never seen anything quite like it! very eye catching and oozing for compliments. can be dressed up or down  quite easily. very warm  and surprisingly true to size  even with the m/l combo. i'd say definitely worth the price..it is expensive  but this heirloom worthy piece is worth the splurge.
I loved this blouse when i got it and wore it before washing. it fit really well and was flattering. the only time i laundered it i hand- washed it in cold water and hung it to dry. the blouse shrunk at least a full size and in awkward places. the sleeves are now tight and way too short. the overall length shortened by at least 2 inches. the top is so tight in the bust now that the buttons popped open. i'm very disappointed and surprised.i will be returning it as it is unwearable as is.
I bought this on sale in black. it doesn't look like much online but it is very flattering and super thin and airy which is great for warm weather. tts- i'm an 8/10 38c and the 10 fits just right.
I bought the grey version of this shirt in-store because of the cute pattern  soft material  and versatility of wear; you can dress it up for work or wear with jeans/shorts for a more casual look. the beautiful purples  greens  and blues of the roses look like a water color painting  and stand out against the grey background. i've already received multiple complements from co-workers and friends  and liked it so much myself i bought the other two colors! personally i think it runs a bit large  s
I wanted to love this turtleneck. i read the reviews before ordering. i love the color  the weight of the knit  the ribbing. the small fit me perfectly; i am a 34b  not broad shouldered  and on the thin side in my upper body. however  this item has a strange "blousy" fit. the picture of the back view hints at this but it's worse in person. it's like a bell shaped top or even slightly trapezey  which simply doesn't work with my shape. plus  i'm long waisted. i could have made this work had it not
This top did nothing for me. it billowed in the front and was not flattering. for reference  i am 5"4  115 pounds  and small chested. i ordered the smallest size the top came in (cannot recall if it was an xs or 0). i promptly returned it.
These are the best tights! last year i bought these and they went back to regular waistband. this year the best waistband tights are best!
True to size and lovely dress  except the arm pit area is tight and pinches. had to return.
Soft fabric and hangs nicely. washes well. purchased in the orange /red and love with jeans.
I was planning on wearing this at the office but it looks like a maternity blouse. not flattering at all. i loved the concept.. silky  loose fitting  professional.. but they didn't succeed. its a big mess. return.
Cup size is really small for a medium. no way to adjust the back strap. ended up giving it to my daughter. cute but so poorly executed.
Love this shirt so much. it is comfortable and a beautiful print. i sized down because it is very flowy! it is ivory instead of white  but still looks beautiful. one of my favorite tops.
These are really nice jeans (i am a jean fanatic). some "patches" are faded others are dark with still others with stitching across them. very distinctive and nice. they are truly a boyfriend fit...so  if you them big  they are. ag makes very nice jeans both in fit and quality. i buy other brands  but not often...
I love this shirt. great mix of chic  comfortable and feminine! can wear for many occasions!
This didn't work for me.  the piece looked cheap  rode very high...needed to be longer.  the piece looks incomplete for some reason to my eyes.  it also does not seem quality for an retailer piece.  this went back.
This is probably my current favorite dress. it is beautiful  comfortable  and flattering. i wear it with swept up hair and delicate earnings.
The attention to detail in aligning the pattern is excellent as always with this brand.  .  i tried a size 2 and it fit fine  just above my long waist ( 5'2"  currently 33-25-37.5 with narrow hips and fuller thighs). i have several other cartonnier shorts in sizes 0 and 2  depending on my weight  and these fit similarly. i think the size 2 petite would be a bit lower but it's sold out now.  .  the only reason i passed was that the fabric has a polyester fusible interfacing so that it keeps its s
This dress is stunning. i have been stopped in the street by people asking where the dress is from. my only complaint is that it was very wrinkled when i bought it. initially i thought it was supposed to be that way  but after seeing the stock photos i realized it needed to be ironed. it took a long time to iron all of the wrinkles out  but it is totally worth it.
This is a beautiful top but the xs was literally 4-6 inches too wide. very disappointing! i am thin and tall but this was a maternity top on me. i don't usually wear xxs. it is much more voluminous than it appears in the picture and it is definitely gray and blue not white.
I wanted to love this dress  as the length  cut  and color are exactly what i've been looking for. but i was terribly disappointed in how thin and see through the material is.
Such a beautiful print. i sized up to a 14 because it looked like it has a high waist and it does. the waist comes almost to my bra line. unfortunately  there's a huge amount of fabric and it swallowed me. not slimming at all. i felt like i was wearing a curtain.  i loved the slits in the photo but due to the amount of fabric they weren't visible. i'm short and this literally pooled on the ground a few inches. if you're tall and thin  this is a beauty.
This vest is super cute! i'm 5'5" 120 and usually wear an xs at retailer  i have this in a small and it fits perfectly  fits snug when zipped  my usual xs would have definitely been too tight. would definitely recommend!
This top runs huge. not only in the torso/chest area but the sleeves on this were enormous and the shoulder area was very puffy. i am normally between a m-l but would have to get a small or extra small to make it work.
These pants are so cute and comfortable that i ordered each color.  after wearing the black ones one day  they stretched out so badly that i returned the other two colors.  i wish the fabric was thicker with more stretch because the style and cut is really cute. bummer
I've had great luck with items from sunday in brooklyn & this vest is another fantastic purchase. the color/fit match the photos. the material is so soft. i've worn it quite a bit since i received it and it hasn't pilled. it's washed well too. the braided part can be folded down if you don't want it higher on your neck. it will still lay flat & drape nicely. it's perfect for cold weather. i'd love to see this come out in other colors too.
Such an adorable and comfortable dress! just love the fit  the design and the comfort of the denim fabric. it's quite flattering  fit's true to size and i can't wait to wear it to casual parties all summer long! highly recommend! lots of  options too with dressing it up a bit more with fun high healed sandals or a pretty shrug and just as nice to wear with flip flops or keds! i 5'5" and usually a size 4 and it fit true to size....grab it while you still can!
This skirt is absolutely lovely!! i'm usually a perfect size 8 in all retailer clothes. i am curvy on the bottom and the skirt pulls slightly  so i will be sizing up. can't wait to get my new size!!!
I saw this blouse referenced online a few times and have a weakness for white blouses  so off i went to my local retailer. this blouse turned out to be delightful! my thoughts: i would say it fits true to size  as a 0 fits me perfectly in the shoulders. it is a flowy tunic blouse that has a high skit  so it's not possible to wear this as a dress (it is very sheer too). i do think this blouse is designed for the line to hit below the bust  so my incredibly flat chest works in this. if you have even
I've admired the various iterations of this dress and finally found one in the sale room  much to my delight! i'm generally a sale shopper  so this doesn't mean i didn't think it was priced well. i have the oatmeal top with yellow/gold/orange pattern on the skirt in xs. the small fits comfortably up top  but on my petite frame  the top just looked too big  so i went with xs. i suppose the straps are a bit confusing  but their easy to figure out if you just look at them for a moment before puttin
This top is so gorgeous! the color  the embroidery  the neckline  are all perfect. this can be worn casually with jeans or dressed up for a special occasion. i wore this to a thanksgiving part  but also to take final exams in (because it is comfy too!). this piece definitely runs small. i ordered a large despite being a medium in almost everything else at retailer and the fit is perfect.
I took a leap and ordered this top in both colors. my style is bohemian and flowy so i knew this fit the bill. i purposely bought these blouses because i read the reviews and being a 16/36h  i knew i needed then to run on the larger side. i love both colorways equally  but that said  the blue and yellow pattern runs a whole size smaller than the brown patterned blouse. the fit and fabric even feel different! the blue and yellow is thicker and less flowy and fits exactly to my body instead of bei
I'm 5'2" 110  32-24.5-32.5. i tried both the regular 0 and petite 0. the difference was quite substantial. sometimes if an item runs shorter or smaller  i can get away with regular sizing. the regular 0 was all wrong  and the petite 0 was perfect in every way the regular 0 was wrong! the petite sizing was perfect for top coverage  tamed the flare to just the right amount  and the length hit right at the perfect spot where it is supposed to above the knee. gorgeous embroidered detailing and versa
I love the look of this sweater  but just bought and put on at home and noticed 2 pea sized holes in fabric  near arm holes  but not on seams. not sure if i bought this way and did not notice or if fabric is just incredibly delicate. will try to repair but scated this will not hold up... look it over carefully before you buy  they kind of look like moth holes...
I absolutely love these pants. i got the yellow and it is a beautiful  soft color. the fabric is soft and flowing. i am 5'1"  102 lb and the 0 petite fit perfectly. some stated they are too long even in petite but i disagree. the patch pockets are darling. don't hesitate to try these pants out!
I love this blouse! i get so many compliments when i wear it. i can't wait for warmer weather to pair it with my coral short skirt from retailer. currently  i wear it with a pair of slim cream colored pants  and flats. it works great! it is a little on the short side  but it just adds to the tailored look of the cut. however  if you're taller than 5'5" or 5'6"  i would expect it to be much shorter on you (you've been warned ;) overall  this is a great addition to your wardrobe  and it washes nicel
I purchased these jeans because they were on sale and i figured they'd be a good alt to my other white denim jeans. these have by far exceeded my expectations! my fav jeans  period. i'm 5'2 1/2" but have a long torso and though west size 25  am athletic and curvy  so petite jeans don't really work for me. these are just the best cut and fit!
This dress i received is stylish  comfortable and very nice to wear. i love the length  goes just below the knee and i am 5'2 so it is perfect for me. i can't say enough about this dress as i can't wear a lot of things because i am apple shaped but with this dress no one would ever know. thank you retailer for this beauty!
Very comfortable. love the built-in lining. it fits loosely  but i don't like anything binding so it works for me. length is fine  i could easily wear it to work.
I really wanted to love this sweater after reading the reviews but when i received it i was sadly disappointed. it is pretty boxy and not much shape. could be cute for casual outfits but i was looking for some dressier sweaters.
I'm 5'5" 127lbs. ordered size small. not sheer. bodysuit snaps. great to wear with skirts and wide leg pants!!
-i normally don't go for these tops because with my hourglass frame and wider hips  it only makes me look wider. however  like others  i was drawn to the fabric and feel.the bottom half really is lovely and looks expensive  and the top half is stretchy an
I was nervous about this dress  as when i ordered it there were no reviews yet...and shortly after they  they started coming in and were only negative. yes it runs pretty big (i'm usually a large/12 but could tell from the model it would run big) but it's supposed to be loose. i wouldn't say it's the most flattering - but you can tell it's shapeless from the picture! it's a great casual dress  perfect for hot days when i don't want my clothing touching my skin.
This wrap is awesome. soft material  perfect length sleeves with thumb holes (!)  and warm  great for layering.
Great design & execution - this is essentially a striped jersey sleeveless turtleneck  made of a nice  high-quality jersey. with a delicate lightweight soft sweater attached over it. so you get this really pretty look where the jersey underlay means the sweater hangs beautifully  no clinging at all. and the sleeves are just the sheer sweater - so pretty.  i got the lavender - looks exactly like the pic. and it is true to size.
I love the way the mock neck style looks  but the shirt is cut very small. i realize it's supposed to stretch  but it's still very  very tight on  particularly in the shoulder area. if you like the style  i'd recommend sizing up.
I am super happy with this purchase. this top is so soft with a nice amount of flow. i'm wearing it with a bolero sweater over it  making it wearable in the fall and in cooler weather. i also purchased this top in the gray/green shade and it lovely as well.
From the picture i wasn't sure how it would fit. got in the mail and i love it. fits snug when you first put it on and get looser as you wear it. definitely should of gotten a large.
Oh wow no. as the previous reviewer said  much lighter than the picture! rise and inseam are as described but with the light denim they combined to make a bad look for this 40something. maybe for a younger audience who like the 90s retro vibe? the fit is true to size  i tried the 27 and it was a nice snug fit around the bum (waist 28/29  hips 36  usually a 27 or 28 in jeans  sometimes even a 29 if they're super skinny).
Very pretty but too short for my age. looks well made and green dress is beautiful. it was just too short for me to be comfortable wearing.
Purchased in the red and love it! love that it goes with anything from work pants to jean shorts. the ruffle details add just a little extra  which makes it perfect. i just paired with gray chinos a couple days ago and it made a lovely outfit. fits tts. i wear an xs and purchased that.
Probably should have returned this but it's just so pretty. i got complements from strangers the very first time i wore it but it's extremely long. tucking it in will be tough-where do you put all that length? aside from that it is beautiful. the embroidery is soft and delicate light blues  gold  neutrals. hard to see in the pic but there are textured polka dots all over the shirt. great buy-i just wonder how i'll wear it or if the length will be too much and it will become a 'closet sitter'.
This is a very flattering dress that is perfect for those little black dress occasions. two other people in my family own this dress and love it  it's now my turn to add it to my collection. the dress is quite long for my 5"6" frame  so i have reordered it in a petite size for a little better fit and length. the lace is very detailed and the nude slip underneath keeps the lace from being too revealing. very elegant  a little chanel like. and by the way  the belt is included  as another reviewer
Ordered this vest in both the xs and pxs. i liked the length and overall fit of the xs  however  i ended up returning both due to how the vest draped. the outer fabric is a bit more stiff which made the vest balloon out more then what i liked. overall  it?s not a terrible vest but just not for me.
These are cool jeans to have in a mound of typical denim jeans i have in my closet and these are like a thorwback of the 60s/70s made with modern  high quality denim. this is my first pair of 7 for all mankind denim  so i can't reference how they fit to their other jeans. however  based on typical pants sizing with other brands at retailer  these pants do run smaller than other brands  especially in the waist area. i ended up buying my size but clearly a diet will be in my near future because they
When i returned this the salesperson asked what was wrong w it bc it keeps being returned. i got the black w the white collar/cuffs. i thought it was terribly itchy material (which could be remedied w a shirt underneath) but the white collar part was such a dull ugly white-dirty color. maybe the other colors are better?
I had high hopes for this cute top but it runs very short. it is not as long as it appears on the model so it looked odd when i put it on. unfortunately it had to go back. bummer cuz it was very cute in the pix!
They are beautiful! they fit amazingly! they ripped on a seam the third time i wore them. i kept wearing them  because again  the fit! the style! alas  about the fifth time i wore them  the other leg ripped at the knee seam. they are just totally falling apart. it's so very sad. i would wear them alllll the time if they could bear it. i'm actually thinking of buying another pair because i love them soooo  but it would likely be wasted cash as i believe there is a real manufacturing issue here. w
It is a very pretty skirt but arrived extremely wrinkled and the waist is very fitted. overall i probably would not have purchased it if i had actually seen it in the store.
I bought this in wine in both the small and medium. both fit but am keeping the medium since it drapes better and looks like the photo with longer length in body and sleeves. light material is a great weight since heavy sweaters can be too hot in heated offices. style can be dressed up or down for office or weekend. have ordered the blue and grey. only concern is how well the fabric will launder.
I believe that this sweater is by moth and not knitted and knotted as noted in the description. for me  this tunic was just ok. i didn't think that the quality was great and it just didn't wow me  especially at this price point.
Ordered a size 0  my usual at retailer... very flattering  fits well
I am 5'2" and i typically wear a 2 or a 2p. lately i've been finding that petite is just a little too short to wear with wedges so i often order a 2 as i did in this dress. it fits well and it's flattering. my two complaints are that it gets wrinkly fast and looks sloppy. yes  linen is a wrinkly look and that's normal for linen but somehow this dress just looks sloppy to me. more importantly  while wearing for the first time  i realized that the seams on the side were very lightly sewn and there
This is a great dress - it definitely runs true to size and is on the border of running a little small. if you're on the fence about which size to order go with the larger size. the fabric moves nicely but wrinkles easily when packed. love the color. got a ton of compliments :)
I wish i had read the other reviews before purchasing this product. label says that you can wash and dry normally. however  upon washing  the outer layer shrunk and the inner lining did not. the robe will now not lay flat; the fabric pulls at the edges  and results in the inner lining being revealed when the robe is tied shut. extremely disappointed. for a $100 garment  i expected much more. i wish i could return this.
If you have anything larger than an a cup  this shirt will likely not fit right. it is very pretty but the seem on the front runs directly in the middle of the chest. it literally runs right through the center of the breasts. what were they thinking? if it had been three inches higher or lower  it would have been perfect. for reference  i'm approximately 105lb and have a dd cup.
I've had my eye on this dress ever since i saw it in a fall catalog. my daughter's name is tegan and this is exactly the style i love - simple. when it went on sale i was lucky enough to find it in the green color i wanted at a great price. it is so soft and comfortable  yet flattering. it's a must have. now i want to get this in black!
This skirt is definitely not what i was expecting. the material is stiff and rough. the skirt is also loud. you can hear it swishing when you move  and not in a classy way. it feels like you're wearing a very long tutu. also  the pattern isn't quite as pretty in person. they must have used magic in order to make this skirt look flowy in the photos - it does not flow.
When i ordered this online  i should have paid more attention to the picture. the dress comes to the knees of the 5'10" model. i was swimming in small petite size. i checked the label and wondered whether i received the wrong size. nope  it was ps. either the dress was mislabeled  or this is cut huge. returning. too bad because the shape and color are cute.
This cozy sweater looks great with skinny jeans or leggings. as a 55-year-old woman who loves retailer i'm always on the lookout for cute clothes that don't make me look like i'm trying to dress too young. this sweater is comfy and stylish and looks really classy. i wore it to a holiday party and got many compliments  which is unusual for what is basically a simple ivory sweater. it breathes  has just the right amount of room in the sleeves  and was a great purchase. i wish i had bought other colo
I loved the colors (especially the pink) and thought this would be really pretty. however  when i received it  its much shinier with is a very thin material and is a bit of a retro in a not nice way feel to it. i also found it huge. normally  i wear an xxsp or a 00p (for reference i am 5'2  30e and 24 in waist. i tried both the xxsp (fit better but was too short) and the xxs (too large). i had hoped this would have more shape and would be more fitted  but its definitely not.
I am 5'4" 120lbs  got xs. it was huge on me. had to return it. very trendy  great quality  unfortunate design. not worth the money.
I love this sweater  so why a lower rating? while i love the material and the color  it lost all of its shape before i even left the house! i am a size 6 / small and it looked clownish on me before i ever got to my dinner party.  i plan to wash it this evening and i really hope that this brings it back to its original shape and keeps it.
This is a perfect late summer into fall top! you can easily pair with shorts and sandals then transition to jeans/booties for the fall. it's slightly on the roomy side (i am usually a medium and i had room) but i think that's just the structure of the shirt. off the shoulder style stays perfectly in place!
I have been waiting for these to go on sale for some time now  and so happy to day they still had my size...in both colors. i don't usually buy 2 things the same in different colors  but in this case  i did...    fit true to size for me  almost had a hard mite buttoning... but they are stretchy  so don't buy a bigger size  they will stretch. could not decide which color to keep so kept both... i ordered the 25p (0p) - i am 5'1.5"  and 115 lbs... i think these are vanity sized  but my usual vanit
This dress is so gorgeous! it fits perfectly  is stretchy  wonderful  comfortable  and the fabric is nice and thick with beautiful texture. i absolutely love it! i'm 5'6"  125 lbs  with a pretty athletic build  and it fits like a dream! i love the color  the fabric  the fit  the stretch  the comfort  the sexyness of it..... it's my new favorite! highly recommended!
Ordered these in 31p last year  prob could have worn a 30p  ordered 30p and 31p this year. the past couple of years the pilcro stet jeans in white fit me because they were cut straighter and not as curvy. this year neither size fit.   this year the cut changed and it has a curvier fit. it's the waist that doesn't work for me. if you're curvier this is probably a good fit change.
This dress is so cute and so flattering. i loved the shape  but i wore it wonce and the fabric was pulling on everything! just holding a purse while walking managed to pull out a ton of the fabric! when you spend so much money on something you think the quality would be better..
Love these pants  they do run small in the hip area and are not stretchy at all. so beware  if you are curvy  you might want to size up. great quality and style overall.
Frustrated that the details don't mention there's a side zip. for whatever reason  i have the hardest time fitting into dresses with side zips and so i was annoyed that the details say it's a pull-on style when that's not the case. there's also no give in the waist. besides the fit not working for me  it was a pretty dress but overall a little too much going on.
I love the fabric and design of these leggings  but unfortunately they ran way to big up top. they literally fall down.
This top is so fun  but more importantly  it is sooooo soft and comfortable!!
This is a beautiful dress. the lace top is stunning! the fit is true to size  and there's no stretch. i had the same problem as other reviewers... that darn zipper. it's so small and gets hung up easily. i could see it eventually failing in the future.
Does not say ribbed. did not want ribbed. would not have bought ribbed
Just wanted to let readers know that the dress doesn't flare out at the bottom like it shows on the model. for me  that's a good thing. it definitely sways and swishes  but doesn't flare out. you definitely have to wear a slip with it  not because it's see-through at all (it's not)  but because of the static.     also  this is the perfect dress for belt-lovers.
This is a fun sparkly top that was great over the holidays with a sparkly long-sleeved top underneath  and will be fun in the summer too. i got a size small since my regular size extra-small was sold out  and it was still really cute. great cut and design. as others have mentioned  the quality could be slightly better  but it's a good deal if you get it on sale.
Beautiful detail and soft sweater. i ordered a medium and the toro so fit well but was short. arms were long and baggy in comparison. given the fit  i didn't think the small would work. really wanted this to work but unfortunately it is going back.
I found the material a little stiff  im asummig linen is stiff at first. i got an xxs and fit tts in my case (34 b  5'7  120 lb).
Nice quality  soft fabric  sleeves definitely make a unique statement. the fit worked for me  although it could have more room in hips (for my hourglass figure). got m  size l was way too big. i am 34d  but the dress can definitely accomodate bigger chest. the color are my favorites in this season. wear it to stand out!
This dress looked adorable online  but unfortunately  it's not flattering at all  and it's completely see-through. completely. the material is so thin that i can't imagine it would hold up very well over time. this one is definitely going back.
This dress looks and feels cheap. the white material is stiff and does not iron nicely. the grey sweater is super thin and very cheap looking. overall  a pretty horrible dress. save your money 
I have a few pairs of the stevie ankle  so i thought i try these. they have very little stretch and feel tight in the waist. the distressing near the front pockets is really apparent...like white stripes. they make the jean look overall cheap. not worth $198  in my opinion.
I loved the print and fabric of this dress when i first saw it  but trying it on was a very different story! the photo seems to show a wider  more well-defined waist  with just a small amount of "blousing" on top  but this was not the case. yes  the waist fit  but it is a narrow band that was covered completely by the hanging over of the ill-fitting top  turning the entire look into a shapeless and very unattractive fit. sadly  this is going right back!
I love these pants! so comfortable and can be dressed up and dressed down! love them!
I honestly liked this little cardigan. it is a misnomer as a jacket. it really is more of a light sweater/cardigan  but i didn't have any negative issues like others on here.  ________  pros:  - great feel on the skin and fabric. this really caught my attention. hard to find a sweater that's breathable for cool summer evenings or mornings.  - color scheme will go with anything  elegant touch.  - unlined making it breathable.  - runs large  forgiving it. stretchy. i'm normally a size 10/12 (m/l)
Very comfortable dress for fall and early winter. love the material and great to throw on to run errands in over the weekend  or could dress up with flats and sweater for work.
Love these pants. i have several pairs of the pilcro scrip (and formerly super script). these do not have quite as much elastic as some cuts  but they still fit well and look great.
I purchased this blouse in my usual size xl. the wine color is very nice  sort of a rusty cranberry. i so badly wanted to love this blouse but i have to return it. there is so much fabric in the back that it makes me look like a giant cranberry. it is not flattering at all on my full figure. maybe if i was very slender  the massive volume of fabric wouldn't matter but sadly it needs to go back. on a side note  this is a cotton blouse and i believe it is going to require ironing since i badly wri
I love everything bordeaux so when i saw this one i knew i needed to try it and it's my favorite top from this brand ever. i hope they keep the style and offer it in all of the colors going forward. it's a very flattering style for anyone - accentuates shape without being tight or clingy and the stripes are lovely. also the material is so soft. i have not washed it yet so i hope it stands up to wash and wear well. overall this is an amazing top. it runs slightly large. i'm usually an xs in tops
I loved almost everything about this skirt. thick and lined and love the buttons. comfortable. the only problem was that the two sides flared out at the bottom  presumably from the buttons. i was torn  but in the end it just looked too silly and it was sent back.
I wore this suit for the first time yesterday and the black inner lining is leaking and causing stains on the white sections. seriously bummed as this is a super lovely suit.
I love the style the lightness and the fit ... but the fabric in the skirt just did not meet my expectations. this might be something to find at a mass retailer. i guess i simply prefer a natural fabric.
Has to be one of my favorite retailer purchases! the shirt is so soft and can be paired with so many different items. the turtle neck will help keep you warm  although the actual material is a little thin. don't let that dissuade you though. you won't be disappointed by this purchase! i'm going to get the other color too :)
I ordered this in a 2  but returned for a 4 because the arm holes were a little tight. other than that  this is a absolutely flattering dress. u will be wearing it for an outdoor garden wedding shower. the beading around the flowers makes such a different accent. just be careful zipping it up. love it!
This dress has been one that i just adored online and in the store so i was happy when i bought it on sale. i have worn this dress one time  thinking that i would love it. the problem is that as i wore it  the dress continued to stretch out of shape and just did nothing for my curvy bottom half. the dress just looked pulled and stretched out of shape. i would say that it may be the yarn and that it has too much give or at least more give than i want.
I saw this dress in the lilac at the store and loved it immediately! the picture on the website does not do it justice.
Purchased dress in blue motif. love it. it is casual and comfortable  no fuss dress. love the sexy open scoop back that is just high enough to comfortably cover my bra strap.
The model doesn't do this jumpsuit justice. absolutely gorgeous!  beautifully constructed   cute details   flows well   easy to dress up or down...  5'5" 135 34 c- the 6 was perfect.
Super comfortable; great with jeans or leggings. i would definitely order a size down.
I love these jeans! they are super soft and just the right weight for year around. however  they do run large. i normally wear a size 27. i am 5'7 and weigh 127#'s. because the other reviewers mentioned the sizing issue  i ordered a size down=26. they were too large and i sent them back for an exchange. these are perfect. i get tons of compliments when i wear them...i would love to see coh make them in a true black.
The top looks like an oversized shirt in the model photo but as you can see it's not at all in person. made with what feels like hospital scrubs-meets-crisp-poplin  this shirt is stiff and does not lay flat against the body. the cut is almost triangular or bell shaped causing it to jut out - think of a flared wide leg pant - but as a shirt. the sleeves have a similar cut as well. i  too  am a 34c and found it made me look much wider as your bust will cause the shirt to move away from you. it's s
I like the tunic but there are no care instructions in the garment. if i wash it once and it shrinks or the dye runs it will be going back. please send care instructions.
These are probably my 10th pair of pilcro legging jeans  and though i love the color  sort of a worn in  soft black/ dark gray  these particular pair fit a tiny bit more snug than any of my others. it could be the fact that these are ankle length vs most others are long with the cords being extra long and cozy. so i wonder if the fact that these are shorter they tend to sit on my legs a little differently. it may also be just this pair was cut a tiny bit smaller. i am toying with the idea of ask
I think this top would have been amazing if it was in a jersey or cotton club but the gauzey fabric is so wrinkly and so sheer i don't know how i would use this top. i don't mind most of the slightly sheer retailer tops (if people see my bra slightly so be it) but this is really sheer  unless you are madonna you are going to want to wear something under this  and in my mind  that defeats the purpose of a lightweight  sleeveless top. i returned it and was sorry to have to do that.
I'm going to be straight out... this dress is very flattering and will get you a lot of male attention. so be warned!    i am a 34c and i got a size 2p. it fit's tight  but just right. i have no trouble with the buttons  at all. i am 5'4" and it comes above my knee. the material is very quality and seems as it will last a very long time. i get complimented very often when i wear it.
These jeans fit very well and of good quality . i think they need to be broken into a bit like most new jeans. overall i am happy with my purchase!
Yes! yes! yes!   i buy a lot of dresses from retailer  and about once a year i hit the jackpot with a dress that hits all the marks! this dress is it!    i bought the white linen version on a whim. i never buy white dress because  1. i don't want to look bigger than my pear shape already is  and 2. i like red wine and i that's risky in a white dress!     i don't know how this designer did it  but this dress is amazing! it's slimming and flattering and summery and current. and i am two sizes bigger
The dress has a partially sewn-in slip  which really didn't work for me. no matter how much adjusting i did i couldn't get the slip and dress to sit properly.    i ordered a medium  and if it hadn't been for the slip  the fit would have been good. the length was as pictured. for reference i am 5'5 145lbs  38-30-40  34ddd.
This dress is gorgeous in color and print; i think it can be styled as eclectic or elegant as you'd like. definitely runs big in the shoulder/bodice area  so i sized down.
I love the idea  and color  very flattrering and easy to trhrow on  however  i need the petite in this one  and they sold out in the neutral color. it looks too big in eregular sizing  and since it combines xs/s  it is made slightly bigger. material is soft enough.
I tried this shirt on on a whim in my local store when i was there to shop the sale items an to my surprise  it was very flattering and comfortable. it had a unique fit and design; i tried on the black in an xs (my usual size) and surprisingly  i didn't find it to be too big at all. it fit just like it did on the model. you could almost wear it as a mini dress over leggings/shorts based on the length. like one of the previous reviewers  it would be great if it came in other colors. this top woul
I was hesitant to buy this top after reading previous reviews  but i love it! granted  i am two months postpartum so i am looking for tops that are airy (it's summer in socal) but cover up my tummy. the material is soft and stretchy and it does have a loose shelf bra type inset---so not a real bra but at least something there. i wore a free people bralette with it and it looked perfect! really happy with this top!
This wasn't for me. i have a short neck and am 5.3". the length was fine on the one i tried on  but other proportions were off. it was too big around  in the middle  yet tighter at the bottom. on me  this made it resemble a large bag. the neckline stood up on mine. even when i pushed it down to resemble the picture here with the model  it still felt like a whiplash collar (coming up over my chin). i gave it four stars for quality since the material is so soft.
I thought this top was so pretty and airy  but it just didn't work out. i typically wear an xl in retailer and was able to size down to a l in this top. i ended up returning because the front is pretty sheer and the black tented out in a weird way about half-way down (there is a seam across and without this it would have hung perfectly). disappointed.
These are a beautiful color  but run large. i ordered my usual size and they are falling off of me. they are very low rise so i don't think i'll be trying the smaller size  can't even imagine them being lower. also  they are cropped  that's hard to tell in the picture.
I love wide-leg linen pants and i'm always in the market for them. i've purchased these in two colors and have been happy with them so far. the waistband is fold-over and snug. not too tight or too loose. the length is longer than advertised. i'm 5'10" and typically take a 33.5 or 34" inseam. these are long enough for me so they have to be a 33" at least. others may complain  but i'm happy!
I was really excited about this romper and when it arrived it looks just like the picture. the torso was abnormally long and i get this is supposed to be a relaxed fit but it sagged way too much for my liking. i'm 5'9"  32c and i wear 28 size pants  usually i struggle with too short of a torso in romper/jumpsuits but not this one. i ordered a medium and felt like it was way too big. i probably could have gone down a size but i wasn't loving it enough to try. the fabric is nice but the tiny clasp
In the on-line picture this lightweight sweatshirt looked so inviting that i decided to order it. when it arrived  i could not believe how soft and comfortable it felt! it was equally comfortable on. the rayon  tencel and cotton content of the fabric created such a comfy feel  that this top is sure to be a favorite for a relaxing week-end or evening. i ordered the size 3 even though i usually order a small in most tops. this one seems to lend itself to the oversized look  and i was right about t
I tried on an xs and it was boxy/roomy in the torso and the pocket on the wrist/forearm area made my arm look too bulky when i rolled the sleeves up like the model pictured. i love the idea of a relaxed fit cropped leather jacket in a versatile taupe color but when i tried this one on in person  it took me back to my childhood. i used to help my dad wash his cars when i was a kid and he used a leather chamois ("shammy" for short) that was awesome for soaking up water. and that's what it felt lik
I love the design and the fabric  but the fit is just off on this dress. the area around the bust is just not fitted well. the wrap portion of the dress in this area gaps and does not lie flat. that is an easy enough fix with a good seamstress  but the waist also sat too high on me (maybe i'm long waisted  who knows?)  so between the super high waist and the flannel-type fabric  it just looked kind of like a bath robe on me. i wish it weren't so. i was so hoping for a cool plaid dress that i cou
The outer layer runs large up top; also  the orange stitching (the flowers) on the outer layer are extremely bright orange rather then a fall brownish orange that would match the layer underneath. i'm returning it because for the price i don't love it.
I loved the design and material of the test  but unfortunately it just did not fit me right. it was tight in the hips and did not have the relaxed look i was hoping for.   also the pattern did not look good on me.   unfortunately i had to return.
Literally the only reason i am giving this 4 stars is because of my history with this brand (holes developing after minimal wear). i will do my usual wash but don't dry and hope it holds up!    material: super soft and comfortable  almost slubby. i haven't seen the yellow in person  the purple/grey is lovely.     fit: moderate scoop neck as pictured (almost oval) that's a nice touch as it's not too low or high at the neck. not overly fitted over the chest or stomach - without being oversized - j
I was looking for a flowier top to wear under cardigans  and this is pretty perfect. it is more sheer than i would like  but because i am wearing it as a bottom layer  i'll overlook that. the fit is great and the peplum is a cute detail to make this layering piece a little different.
I ordered this online and love it. the fabric feels nice and it if fitted on the top then the bottom flows. i ordered a 4 which is my normal dress size and it fit perfect. comes a little above my knees. i'm 5'6".
.unfortunately it hit at the widest part of my hips  so it wasn't very flattering. the point in the back was also kind of odd  and off center. i had to return. pretty color  though.
I saw this in the store and grabbed it to try on due to the material and the back. i was surprised how nice it felt on and how the back looked. i had a blue bra on and it really could not be seen which was a worry. i loved how the back lay and that it was shorter in the front. even for the sale price it was expensive  but i went home with it!! it will go great with long skirts  jeans  and any color pants. i was very happy to walk out of the store with it. i am 5'4" and about 120. i have a slende
I wanted to love this shirt. i like the style  the material is soft but it was so short on me. perhaps i just have a long torso but it fit everywhere else. i wasn't even able to tuck it in because the sides just were so short.
I have been continually disappointed in retailer's clothing for the past year. i feel like their prices have soared and the quality has remained so-so  but dresses like these somehow make the cut. it does not make sense. since when did retailer exclusively market to older women? no  retailer's market has always been young adults. this dress is extremely matronly. although the bottom print is nice  the hot pink belt?? is completely mismatched and gaudy. i really hope retailer starts curating better dress
Purchased this fun  feminine top right before vacation and wanted to wear it every single day. the peplum style isn't typically something i gravitate to  but this peplum is the perfect length and i love the sheer 3/4 length sleeves. i chose the ivory version of this top and it was adorable with jeans  oxfords & a cute hat. for how beautiful this top is  i feel like the price tag is an absolute steal!
I am 5' 7" - 110 lbs. ordered my normal xs and the bottom portion was way over sized. it fit like a parachute  you could fit about 12 of me in the bottoms and very short. nice quality material  but extremely awkward fit.
Is not a place i want to be  even if the style of a sweater is great.  yes  this sweater is very cropped  but i think it&amp;#39;s definitely intended to be worn off the shoulder to drop the waist a bit.  it&amp;#39;s the itchiness that makes it an immediate &amp;quot;no&amp;quot;  and that&amp;#39;s coming from someone who has serious fiber itch tolerance.
I ordered the neutral in a 2p. i had to hem them. i 5' about 110lbs. i wore them to wore. they wore beautifully with some wrinkling to be expected with linen. but they didn't look like i slept in them. i ordered another pair same size right after the first pair came and tried them on to find the fit tighter than the first pair. a bit disappointed. debating if they'll stay or get returned. i see the notes about stretching. overall a nice pant for the money.
Let me start off by saying that i really  really wanted this jumpsuit to work as it looked good on me and was tts (got a 6p). unfortunately  it didn't work out due to the two buttons at the top which break way too easily. i had to return it and exchange for another jumpsuit but it did me no good as the second one did the very same thing so i didn't even bother trying it on. the buttons broke through before i even got the chance as the material is far too thin and the back of the buttons just pop
This shirt is thin and probably not worth full price  but it was flattering to my figure. covered my post baby tummy and complimented/minimized my g size chest  but the cut was off. the seams for the arms were almost in the front at the chest  so when i moved my arms i had limited movement forward and it pushed the embroidered panel out and was just irritating. an entire day of readjusting my shirt would drive me crazy. i tried the m and the l.
I purchased this in purple  and agree with previous reviewers who've mentioned that it looks more casual in person. it can be dressed up with the right accessories  though  and the fabric is really excellent quality  soft and durable. i really like the contrasting plaid back  it's a subtle but fashionable detail.
Runs very big.  i ordered a l and need a m.  unfortunately no medium left!  great top with lots of character. hate i missed this cute top
Tried this on at the store after falling in love with the color scheme and cut. tons of compliments from the dressing room ladies-this is a hot item in colorado apparently! was surprised that my regular size-small-was too tight in the shoulders  armpits  and upper arms  and i'm not big! (5'7 " 140 lbs.  32d) ended up with with a medium. 100% cotton so i won't be machine drying this cuz it looks prone to shrinkage. too casual to wear to work but it'll be fun to run errands  etc. in this for at le
I wanted to love this top. perfect weight  length  and shape. unfortunately  the seam goes right through the bust and just does not look right. if you are tiny on top  this will be lovely on you.
I bought this shift dress for a "black & plaid" nye event  and it fit the bill perfectly for a cold winter's night. looks great with tights and boots  has pockets  and dresses up nicely. i like a good shift at this point in the holiday season -- leaves room for that last bit of seasonal eating and drinking. looking forward to wearing this through the winter months.
The vest looks  so stylish on. it makes a regular t shirt look edgy with it on. i love the vest but the price is too high
I have a love/hate relationship with these jeans. when i first put them on  i felt like i had finally found my favorite pair of jeans. everything about how they fit and looked was just perfect - and they were offered in a petite size! but then two hours later they were sagging. the fabric is so cozy  but it just stretches too much  too fast. i am not willing to give up yet  so i ordered another pair in a smaller size. i'm less than thrilled about having to shell out the $$ for two pairs  but i r
This is a beautiful sweater  warm  looks great with jeans as well as more formal work clothes. the neckline gives it a stylish boho twist beyond the traditional. i love the color  and it can function almost like a neutral  complimenting almost any other hues. highly recommended!
I love this dress! purchased it in pink and then in the blue color. it's perfect for any occasion and is very comfortable. i feel like it fits true to size and was not to revealing in the front however if i was to wear this to work it would need a cami underneath. it is not lined as well. love this dress! buy it in every color!
This dress is extremely body conscious. so if you want to make an impression  wear this dress. the fabric is thick and best worn on a cooler night. the pattern is gorgeously done  pieced together like a garment three times the cost. the cut of the armholes might not be flattering on those with broad shoulders or chubby upper arms (like myself). for me this dress is tts but way too long  so i will have to hem.
This is truly a beautiful dress! the delicate fringe-like fabric throughout makes it unique and and the column silhouette with slight blouse-like top is elegant! perfect for summer with comfortable stretchy slip that comes with the dress! the material on the waist line stretches and is very comfortable. the bottom is pretty narrow so you need to take smaller steps. it does run large  i am 5'3"/135lbs/34b and an xs fit perfect throughout as well as the length! only not so positive feature is how
I couldn't decide between the black and the red. this is a really cute dress that could be dressed up or down. just be aware of the high  somewhat tight neck.
I really wanted to like this dress on me  but it was not to be. the color is one of my favorites  but the dress accented all my problem areas. sadly  i returned it. i'm sure that someone with less substantial hips will look great in it.
The photos don't look it  but the one i received was a cropped length. the bottom of the sweater's longest parts didn't even reach the top of my mid-rise pants. and i'm 5'3" so it wasn't that the model is a lot shorter than me unless their models are 4' tall.     disappointed since i wasted my retailer discount on this!
This is my favorite top! it is gorgeous  soft  & oh so comfortable. it's not too tight & works with leggings  jeans  or as an over-shirt. love it!
A couple of months ago i bought the white in this top in my usual size small. it's cute & flowy & like to wear it with ankle or capri leggings. have worn with shorts as well. casual & cute! plus i love cotton anyways. 5'3"  117#. think i'll go ahead with the other colors since the heat will be arriving soon....
I am not really a fan of jumpsuits/rompers/etc. but i love this jumpsuit. very good quality and design. fits well  but i thought the 4 was pretty large for a 4. i mean  i probably should have gotten a 2 (which was sold out)  but i don't usually have to get a 4 tailored. i did in this case  but it was still worth it.
Dress just did not fit will around the hips.  also the string belt was defective - basically about to come off.  looks like someone may have wore it and returned it.  was not flattering at all.
Wonderful pencil skirt with subtle design to pair with a variety of tops or sweaters. fabric is nice and has a true 'fitted' design. however  the sizing is all off. it runs small and too long. i'm 5'3 and wait 25/26 in denim and a 2-4p in most skirts. the 4 is too tight and past the knee in length. more like upper calf. the 6 would be way too long. disappointed.
I wish i had purchased these earlier in the winter season because i could wear them every single day. they are phenomenal  plus i got them during a great sale. the reviews i read said they run small  so i went a full size up and they fit perfectly. (i usually wear a 4  bought a 6.) one of the best winter wardrobe purchases i've ever made. totally versatile and because they're black  they can be dressed up  or down.
This jumpsuit is all the things other reviewers have stated: roomy  flattering  has give. however  note: the way in and out of this outfit is a single button with a loop at the top of the back. if you need to run to the restroom - plan. it can be an absolute pain to get out of this outfit to go to the restroom. let's not talk about the possibilities of the outfit dropping on a public restroom floor...yes  i went there...    i would have preferred separates to a single piece. you could achieve th
Was so excited for this top! loved the embroidered detail and the teal green color. i got it in a medium and it was swimming on me. it also had a maternity type feel since there is a lot more material (making it look blousy) than showing on the model (they must have pinned it back in the stock photo).  sadly  it's going back.
The details on this dress were pretty  but it was super poofy and i felt like it made me look bigger than i am. maybe if you have a straight body and want to create curves this would work for that  but not great on an hourglass/pear shaped figure. fits tts.
This sweater looks great in the picture but when it came in the mail turned out to be enormous. i tried it with a belt on like in the picture but that just made the whole sweater bunch up everywhere. the quality is nice. maybe sizing down would help. but the medium/large is going back. i am normally a medium.
I bought this dress as soon as i received the retailer catalogue. i rushed to the store because i absolutely fell in love with it. when i tried it on  i went a complete size down. i'm usually an 8  but i snagged this beauty in a 6. the top part really does run larger  so unless you have really broad shoulders  you'll need to size down. the sleeves hit my arms at a nice place  and the little tie in the front is awesome  because not only is it an interesting detail  it can be loosened or tightened d
I had to write a review on this one because i am obsessed with it  it is the softest and yummiest sweater ever and i plan on wearing it constantly!
They were sold out of the medium that i usually wear in tops so i got a petite large hoping that would work. it obviously isn't the ideal fit but it will manage. it's very cute  but the colors aren't as vibrant as they looked in the pictures. for example the red in the floral print looks more like a rust color in person. but i do like it and plan on keeping it. will look cute with dark jeans and brown boots.
The pictures of this dress are terrible compared to seeing it in person  and i instantly fell in love with this dress when i put it on.  the fit is very flattering with a touch of 1920s flare. the colors are better in person too  with the lightest color being pink  not white as pictured.
The design is unique and stands out.  goes great with a black pair of jeans and can be dressed up.  i found the fit to be decent - not unflattering on me. however  i suspect that it could run short / tight on others.    overall though - a cute white top for winter.
This jumpsuit is gorgeous...on the right body. if you have a tiny rib cage and a flat stomach and an average to short torso  this may fit you beautifully. on me  the defined gathered area you see in the photo was very tight and hit me in an odd place. the fabric is a great weight and it is a beautiful and rich looking. i really wanted this to work out for me. as for size  i found it just a little tight in the hips  waist and rib cage.
My daughter bought this sweater in xs in white and i tried it on. it was a little too tight but long enough to wear with leggings so i ordered the red in a s. it just covers my butt in the back - not nearly as long as my daughter's. i still love the sweater and will wear it with jeans but it is way too short to wear with leggings. i don't understand how there can be such a difference in the same sweater - a size larger and at least 4 inches shorter! if not for that  i would have rated it a 5.
Love this medium weight wool cape. it is so much prettier in person. the photos look a bit boring but this cape is very versatile and simple to wear. some capes hang oddly on me but this one was flattering without the bulk. not itchy either. the photos don't really show the sleeves clearly but there is a sleeve built into the cape. the taupe color is a rich neutral that can be paired with thin or thicker turtlenecks or shirts. the sleeves are bracelet length so full length sweaters will show und
I have a pair of mih jeans that are the only jeans i own that i absolutely love. everything about them. this jumper looked versatile  useful and fun  so i splurged during the 25% off dress sale.  my experience with mih is that the sizing runs true  or european  and thus small. i ordered this in a medium and it is gargantuan as well as virtually shapeless. it looked horrible from every angle: front  back and sides. i cannot imagine it having more fit even in a smaller size.  the fabric is nice  p
This top is lovely and so perfect for this time of year when you want to look fall-ish but when it's still too hot to wear long sleeves. but i'm pretty sure it's navy  not black. very dark navy  yes. still  not black. compared to every other black top in my closet it looks navy. so that was a little disappointing. but i'm keeping it because i'm a sucker for a flowy top  and i can wear it right now.
This was going to be my go to top. i loved the look of the billowy shirt  especially in light blue. when it arrived  i knew it wouldn't work for my body. i'm athletic build with muscular upper arms and a d cup. i tried it on anyway. i really wish it fit. it was snug in the upper arms and pulled a bit in the front. i knew if i ordered a size up the arms would still be tight. it's just the cut of the shirt. this top is best for someone that isn't busty and has slender upper arms.
I loved the dress way more in person than online. the fabric is very soft and it is quite beautiful. i wear a large in most retailer tops and a size 8/10 in dresses and the large fit perfect.
Did not work for me. material was a bit thin  poor quality  the tie doesn't quite work correctly. had a cheaper look to it. not the quality i'd normally expect. this is going back.
This top is really beautiful. the color is rich and the texture on the back is a unique touch. and i think it might have worked for me except that i could only find a m/l and it was just too big. i love drapey styles and think this top would have been just the right amount of drapey if i'd been able to snag a smaller size. but the m/l looked like a teal sack  so it's going back.
I love the layered look of this jacket. i got it in navy which matches everything. i think it's a little on the large side for me. i ordered a small. i'm 5'2" 130 lbs. super comfortable. the inner layer is very soft. once you wash it  the outside is soft too. i've already worn mine several times. happy.
This was a bit of an impulse purchase but i'm glad i added it! it's a pretty standard tank  but is thoughtfully and well made. for example  the arm holes are not enormous like they are on some tops. i wish everything fit like this. the cut at the neckline isn't too modest or too low and the fold over of the drawstrings are structured enough that they don't flop over.
Wanted to love this.. love rompers  but the opening between your chest was oddly designed  it was gapping and certainly couldn't bend over without showing lots.. fabric seemed heavy for the summer. all in all it was too full  made me feel frumpy..
I splurged on this pajama set for myself and now regret it. even though the design is adorable  the fabric contains acrylic and the knitted fairisle part started pilling within the first week of wear. after a month and a couple washes  it looks horrible  and the fleece part is looking a little grungy as well. so so disappointed. the top is intentionally oversized and comes down to my crotch  i could have easily sized down.
Love the color  but the fit is just odd and frumpy. the sleeves are shorter than the should be. when i lift my arms  the entire sweater gets lifted. going back.
My favorite jeans i have ever purchased! they fit just right. i wear them everywhere.
For me  this top ran true to size. i'm so glad i ordered it in my normal size  because the spandex would have made the top way too clingy for me. i am normally a 8/medium on top and 12 bottom. i ordered this in a medium  and do not find it large at all. if you are going for a fitted look  sizing down may be best  but i didn't want it tight. on me  it's a little looser than what is shown on the model  but it still fits very nice  and not sloppy. i am not a fan of baggy tops. i have no issues with
This is a wonderful one-piece swim suit! it's very flattering on  and the colors and design are just lovely. i also love the suit's vintage feel and that it's sexy without being overly revealing. i seldom pay full price for clothing  but this item is definitely worth every penny!!! i bought a size medium and it fit perfectly.
This blouse ran so short in the body it has to go back. it would not cover my stomach untucked or tucked in. it's unfortunate i think it would be very beautiful and flowey.
I really love the fit of this dress. i said it runs true to size  and it really does--even with the stretch fabric around the back and adjustable straps  i would not recommend sizing down as i normally do at retailer--there is no stretch to the actual fabric on the dress. i'd never bought anything by this brand before  and i would say that the fabric is quite thin for the price of the dress  and it is not lined (i'm still hoping it's not see through). however  for me  the style makes up for
I'm a size 4 all day everyday. but  these pants wouldn't even meet around my hips. sadly  i'm returning them tomorrow.
Dress looks beautiful  but the fitting is very off. i ordered a size 2 which is the dress size i usually wear ( i'm 5;4 and 115lbs). the chest area fits perfectly  but the hip area is extremely tight and the lower back area was lose. i exchanged it for a 4  the hip area was a bit tight and the shoulders were too lose. if i ordered the 4p  i have a feeling it would be too tight. it feels like  it's meant for someone with very small hips and a large abdomen. also  this dress is very stiff  can't d
I'm glad i tried this on. i was drawn to the burgundy and pink floral print  but i wasn't so sure about the cut or style of the top. once it was on  however  i loved it. i don't much care for the a-line tops that remind me of maternity wear. they're cute on rail-thin  young girls  but not so much on mom-bod women in their 40s. this top is the exception. the details from the buttons to the thin pleats  the unique cut of the bust-line and the print make this top both lovely and flattering. i wore
Well made but strange fit. the medium was long and narrow  waaay too small.
This is a go with everything throw on sweater coat that is very soft and flattering on. the fit is true to size for a swing coat. being a heather black helps with the no show of lint. i will wear this no doubt for years to come. thanks retailer.!!!
Love the material -- it is a thick cotton  but it is structured enough and thick enough so that it doesn't cling to me (in a bad way). its like wearing a sweater. my only beef with it is that the seam where the black material is stitched to the gray material creates a bump in the silhouette. (the black material is the same as the gray and it also has a herringbone pattern thats not really visible in the pictures) i would have preferred a uniform material rather than a panel sewn in. not a huge d
Well made  versatile dress. have already worn it to a wedding and work - could definitely be dressed down for a more casual look. i'm 5 7 and typically wear a medium in dresses and the small was definitely the right fit with some room to spare.
This top is really pretty & i think i will be happy when i pull it out in the spring to wear it. the only complaint is that the front is very sheer. you have to wear an under shirt of some kind.
Quality jumpsuit but poor design. the green made me look a bit like "gumby the cartoon character"
This shirt is not a good look for a gal with hips. the fit at the top is tight (i ordered a small) but there is so much material at the bottom and if you are a little taller (i am 5'7)  it hits at a place that is not flattering. i was hoping for something that hung straight down and would be good with leggings. this is not it...also the material is a little stiffer then i was expecting.
The color is a nice cool red and the material is very soft. but the dress left me feeling shapeless and the bell sleeve overtook it. i wanted to love it  but it just wasn't working for me. i'm 5'8" and purchased a s. it fits true to size  however it was loose around the waist and just wasn't complimentary on me. this will have to go back.
It didn't work with my frame at all  but is very nice!
This was a gift for a bachelorette. very pretty and sexy without being too over the top. love the print!
Run large and leg is very wide. even sizing down  they seemed too floppy.
As another reviewer noted  the upper portion (back  chest  shoulders  etc.) fit nicely. however  the body of the dress was enormous and did  indeed  make me look much heavier throughout the middle. back to the store it goes.
Casual  pretty. runs a little large  especially through the waist  but a great comfortable shirt.
The dress is pretty  i ordered a 4 and 6 not knowing how it ran  i took both back the neck is too tight!
I was expecting an ivory/white cardigan with some lace along the sides with a more slim fit. i am 138 lbs  36b and normally wear a s or m so i ordered a m. the sweater is at least 1 or 2 sizes too large in my opinion and not at all a slim fit but more of boxy fit.    the lace edges need to be trimmed up due to raw edges and strings hanging from them. also the color is difficult to detect online but i was surprised to see that it is ivory with gray stripes. not unpleasant but not as pictured. as
I usually do not like three quarter sleeve shirts and i do not like tie necks of any sorts. this blouse has both and i love it! i loved it in pictures and  against my two dislikes listed above  i gave it a chance. i am glad i did. the shirt is lined in the body which means the white one is not see through...yey  no need for cami underneath! the lining also adds extra warmth as this is a very thin fabric shirt. the sleeves are loose enough so that the 3/4 length does not restrict me. the tie some
I wanted this jacket to fit on me like in the photo  but i guess my frame was still to petite. the fabric was also on the cheap end
I saw this top online and read the reviews so i passed when i went into the store. when i went in again i thought i would give it a try. so glad i did ! it fits great and is way way prettier in person ! i ended up buying it and so glad i did !
I got this dress and the material was super fuzzy and itchy. the prior reviews stated it was "warm and cozy" and not itchy at all  but i found it to be uncomfortably so. the dress was true to size for me and the length was good. i loved the plaid in the material just wished the material had been more soft and not rough. the material reminded me of mohair.
First of all  i am only 5'1"  so this adorable tunic does fit me like a dress. i am also pear shaped  and this dress is flattering to my shape. but my biggest issue  it that the dress came in very wrinkled  especially the ruffles. i took the dress to my retailer store  and they were able to steam some of the wrinkles out  but not all of them. it seems that the fabric used for the ruffles is suppose to be a little crinkly. but it will most likely look worse after you sit. therefore  i am uncertain
The cut and color of the dress is awesome. however  the biggest flaw is the zipper. i only got to wear this dress once until the zipper broke..sad day especially at the price. there also were a number of loose threads. i recommend waiting until it goes on sale. you'll want the extra money for a tailor to fix that zipper.
So cute! rompers are hard because they are so cute but rarely work for all body types. this one is so super cute. the material is so soft and comfy  feels silky. i got a small and fits perfect. i'm 5'4" and 117lbs so it runs very true to size when most clothes from retailer run big. i love rompers but only have one other one. this is by far my favorite! i can't wait until it's much warmer and i can wear it all the time.
This dress fit so oddly. i tried on two different sizes and both did this super unflattering poochy thing at the belly. the dress wasn't tight at my hips in either size  it was just that there was weird extra fabri right around the midsection that stuck out. maybe i was too short? couldn't figure it out.     the color and detailing are beautiful though! a little tight in the bust.
Very pretty but runs tight - i usually wear an 8 or small/med in retailer jackets and couldn't zip up the 8 (am a 36c and thick/broad at the top) as there is no give. this is also more like a fitted shirt  made of lightweight muslin-like fabric. was looking for a summer jacket to wear over knits in a chilly  air conditioned office setting so sadly it didn't work for me. could be cute on someone with a smaller frame over a tank or cami.
Material is thin  with a fleece like feeling on the inside. hard to describe but almost feels like a really thin north face material. the cut on the sides of chest area is super awkward  shows way too much  would never be appropriate to wear a regular bra underneath.
This is the most comfortable dress ever! it's so soft. i typically wear a size small and this fits true to size. it is long enough to wear to work  which i love. it looks great w flats in the summer and it's going to look great w boots!
This really was nothing special. for $68 there are much cuter tops at retailer. it wasn't particularly flattering as it was very boxy  so it added volume. it was soft and felt like decent quality which was nice. i agree with another reviewer that the ruffles feel too big. overall  this was just a miss for me.
Loved this dress and ordered it based on glowing reviews. ordered size large because i weigh 155 pounds and have a large 34g bust. the dress skimmed nicely over my body but the baby doll style fit loosely and made me look really wide from the side. i probably could have sized down for a better fit  but it might have just emphasized my bust. the fabric has a substantial weight and it's lined. best as a fall  winter dress. the embroidery is beautiful. i disliked the intense black color around my f
I wanted to love this shirt so much! i got this as a gift for christmas in the black. the first time i wore the shirt 3 of the buttons on the back fell off. keep in mind that they are not decorative and they held the shirt together. needless to say i was not so pleased to have my shirt fly open from the back. retailer and their amazing customer service took this shirt back no problem  but i wanted to give the fair warning!
I think it's a cute dress  but nothing spectacular. that being said  i get a lot of compliments. it's a very flattering cut  but i wish it was more colorful  not just black and white. i'm 5'10  145 lbs and got the s  i could have probably gotten the xs too  but i'm happy with how the s fits. great length too  since i often have a hard time finding dresses that are long enough for me.
This kimono is absolutely wonderful. i originally purchased it for an upcoming beach vacation  but have also found it to be a great piece for my wardrobe in both hot and cold weather! goes with pretty much everything. highly recommend.
Bought this early in the season - probably washed and worn <8 times and there are small holes that have formed in the front towards the bottom...bummer!
I wanted to love this dress! i ordered it when there was a 20 percent off special and couldn't wait to get it. the colors are as depicted and the dress fit true to size. i also liked that it wasn't too short. what i didnt like was that the dress is lined in white  which you can plainly see in the picture  but i didnt notice before ordering. i just think it would have been much prettier lined in black. im disappointed and the dress is going back.
This fit great. i am 5'8 and 130 lbs. i ordered a size medium and it fit perfect. i wore a black tank/cami underneath for warmth in the office.
Stylist at my local retailer recommended i try on this top. as soon as i put it on  i was amazed at how pretty it is. i'm 5'3" and curvy size medium and the fit is true to size. i would say if you are between sizes  you may want to size down. i didn't have any issues with the lace and the slight v-neck falls perfectly on me. no need to wear any cami.   my only concern was how wrinkled the top was. i requested to have the blouse steamed before i left the store so that i could see if all of the wrin
I wear this top with jeans or cords. i allways get compliments. it's comfortable and versatile. go down a size!
Love these jeans!!! they are the perfect fit from waist to ankles. their first wear was like i'd been wearing them for years. i paired them with the pintuck button-down tunic.
This top is great! it looks much better in person. it's still kind of a faded look but it's not as light as shown here. also  the exact location of the plaid is different on each top. it runs just a tiny bit large but i liked it loose so took my normal size. there is another fabric lining the front in a very cute print. will be a nice  loose and cool top for summer. love the tie in the back as well.
I loved the look and style of the dress but was unsure how it would work with my body. i'm curvy but slim and usually a size 6 or 8 in retailer. i went with the m in the navy color  and i'm happy i did!   the floral pattern is vibrant and the ruffled skirt is flirty and fun. as far as fit goes  i'd say this runs mostly true to size but is rather short in length. i have a large chest so the top part looked more baggy than blousy  and the skirt portion was just comfortably fitted. however  the cuten
I wanted to love this so much! i am 5'8 and normally do a size large in retailer  but based on the previous review i sized down. the top fit fine  but the bottom just sort of poofed out. not flattering. it does have pockets which are amazing  but overall  just wasn't a good fit. the top is t-shirt material  not denim.
The perfect dress for dinner date or summer weddings. or traveling. love this dress. not sure on washing yet since it is a silk dress. extremely comfortably and beautiful. i can't recall the last time i bought a new dress.
This tee is cute  keep in mind the white is totally sheer. but it's huge. i ordered an xxs and it's very loose and drapey  which is likely the style but when did sizing get to unrealistic? also  a totally sheer  basically a sort of fancier cotton tee for $60? no way.
I've been wearing these shorts for years  i work outside and it was great to have comfortable jean shorts that were just the perfect length. the fabric quality on these shorts (and many many other retailer items) has gone down. sure  they're great when you try them on in the store..soft  comfortable  flattering  but when these are worn for a day they get so stretched out that i feel like i need a belt to keep them on. i wore these several times  sat down on a relatively smooth concrete wall  and a
Loved the look of the sweater and the the fit was as shown.  however this is a thin cashmere for the price.  returned.
This dress is most definitely not a maxi! barely goes below the knees. also you do not get the cute detail shown on bodice. there are no folds which were an added plus on picture. waist is higher  not at natural waist. very pretty silk though and still cute. just not as pictured.
Runs really big. i usually wear small and this was falling off my shoulders. very comfortable and soft material. also looks brighter in pic than in person.
Great trouser pants for summer with pretty jacquard print and neat denim detail at hem and waist band. usually wear a 6 in retailer but went up a size to 8 with these for looser trouser fit. fits my backend nicely which is always a plus. can't wait to wear them!
These jeans are extremely soft to the rich  as well as stretchy and flattering. they do not lose their shape after a whole day of wear. i am 5'3" and the ankle length fits me as full length. i am a big fan.
I was immediately drawn to this dress when i saw it in the store. i'm normally a size 2 but i feel like the size two was too constricting in the chest and arms  so found a size 4 to be just right. it's longer and a bit wider than the size 2 everywhere else  but given the design  i thought it was fine. the main thing to note is that the top is snug and has no give whatsoever. if you have a larger bust or broader shoulders  sizing up is a must. lengthwise  it fit me like it does on the model. (i t
I ordered this dress  expecting a cool lightweight summer dress. i believe it says cotton in the description.however the material is a very heavy cotton-linen blend.would have much preferred a better quality fabric.the color is a nice green and is well made.it runs large  except in the bust which fit well.
I ordered these in eptites  tey were a ltitle long still. also a tiny bit on the loose side. i am not sure i think they are worth as much as they cost  so wil lwait for hte sale. color combination was nice though a dn the cut relatively flattering  i jsut ahve seen better out there for hte price. nice business/casual pant.
I adore eva franco but these are just not thoughtfully designed regarding fit. i wear a size 12 and took the risk of ordering the 12 as a popback  but they do fit 1-2 sizes small. i could get them zipped but it's not a good look. i feel like the waist would fit if the rise weren't so short. for reference  i have a 33" waist and 42" hips.
This caught my eye  purely by accident as i was in the dressing room. immediately attracted to the pattern  the color  the quality and the shape of the skirt. lo and behold  it turned out to be maeve  one of my favorite designers at retailer. this skirt does not disappoint at all. i normally try to wait for sales to make a purchase  but this is well worth the full retail price. the skirt is very well made. the material is structured but not stiff. i also don't normally like high waisted ski
Nice skirt. texture pattern gives it character. does run a bit large.
Love this shirt and the details on the collar.
I hoped i would hate these because i have a zillion pairs of jeans. as i suspected  they're amazing and quickly became my favorite! they have just the right amount of stretch  so flattering.
I bought this top in hopes of getting a lot of wears out of it as we transition from summer to fall. the color is a pretty rust color perfect for fall  but also great for late summer. i love the leaf print  and the dark buttons on the sides really take the top to the next level. i love wearing this top with my high-waisted flare jeans  i get tons of compliments when i wear this top! it is definitely sheer  which i like  so i wish that it came with its own detachable camisole (the reason i took a
I bought this top and it ran huge  i had to get an extra small. well then i wash it according to the instructions and it shrunk horribly! like its so small now my 3 yr old could probably wear it! i'm so sad  i really liked this top....but for it to shrink after one wear is not acceptable.
Usually i really like deletta and know the sizing and shapes. this top looked pretty in the pics and i thought it would be a nice change from a tee. it was baggy  hung low and the layers just looked boxy and shapeless.
I purchased this in the yellow xs. it is very comfortable  but extremely see-through. you'd have to wear a slip or something underneath it  but i'm not sure what would work based on the style  and even if i wore a strapless bra it was still see-through. unfortunately i had to return it.
This dress was cute in the photos but wore like a sack when i put it on. great quality  fabric was lovely  just a little sparkle at the hemline  scallops were great but i put it on  i immediately took it back off and put it back in the sack to return. love the look  it just was terrible on me. i'm petite  5'0" and weigh 110# so i'm not large but the dress made me look like an oompaloompa.
I bought the red motiff in my usual size of xxs petite and it was huge. at first i thought they had mistakenly sent the wrong size but this was sadly not the case. the fit is definitely "sack-like" as other reviewers mentioned. i had to return.
Prettier in person! so pretty! i'm 5' 6'' 120 lbs and the xxs fit well. i normally wear a 0-2.
I knew this jacket would be mine as soon as i saw it online  but i also have a hard time trusting retailer's online photos by their color and angle etc.     i took a gamble and  for the most part  it paid off. i do like the jacket's unique bohemian gone chic/uptown styling and the gorgeous patten with a spattering of embroidery on the chest and back. what i don't like is the mix of black leather trim and big brass studs. i feel like there might be one too many ideas  or they could have been toned
I adore a well made and well fit tshirt. t.la always delivers! this one is no exception. fun  swingy and light. the tie on back is a fun little addition and the length is perfect. i'm 5'9 and always prefer longer tops. the swing in this one gives it a great length. love the colors but decided to stick with basic white. i'd love this in black too! highly recommend!
Love this sweater! great quality & styling. slimming and the side slits add a feminine appeal. pair with your legging and boots and enjoy the compliments.
I love maeve tops. i love the material and feel of this brand. when i saw the new tops that came out i ran to my local store to try one on. i'm usually a large in a top  once in a while an xl. they only had a large to try so i tried it in the black motif. i could barely get the top on. it looked like i was missing 1/2 of the top. i doubled checked the size and it was a large. it's a shame  the top is really cute. if you are the least bit broad or busty  go up a size or two. if you are usually a
I bought this dress for the summer  but it will transition nicely into the fall with a sweater  leggings  and boots. the color and pattern are pretty and without being washed out. the macrame belt is absolutely beautiful. it doesn't show up well in the picture  but is intricate and artistic. seems sturdy as well. i can't wait to wear it out!
Very old color and item. a little full  but comfortable.
Was really looking forward to this sweater  but it's not a cardigan  it's a poncho. i can't decide if it's fun-quirky or just odd. it's gorgeously made  and extremely soft  but i do wish it was actually sleeves. i haven't decided if it's something i will wear or not. my husband referred to it as "batwings." that should have been depicted in one of the photos.
This dress is not only beautiful  it's so comfortable to wear. it's also very flattering. i love that i can wear the dress with sandals or boots. great buy!
I initially bought this in the stone color and loved it so much the first time i wore it that i went back for the red. without a doubt my favorite purchases of the season. have gotten so many compliments on both and despite the fact that the style isn't form fitting  it is still somehow very flattering. would highly recommend this sweater to anyone!
Quality was not what you expect from retailer  especially for the price. top is lined but skirt is not. material is tissue paper thin and see thru. there is a point at the bottom of the sweetheart neckline that does not lay flat  it keeps popping up. however the back is very cute and for that i wanted to love it but too many negatives. was returned.
Stretch out fast    5 8 130lb i order size 26 which is my usually size. they fit prefect for about 3hr and then stretched out feeling not right on my body. maybe i should have gone down a  sizes. even so i feel like the $$$ and quality don't add up but they are very soft and comfortable  i wouldn't buy them again.
Lovely colors and print. my problem with this dress was that the bust was on the smaller side (it will fit those with a smaller chest nicely!)  and worse  the beading on the bodice was attached with black thread  which showed through the sheer netting layer on top.     for the price  this particular detail should have been addressed.
I tried the gray pattern on in the store and it is very soft and pretty. the fabric has a nice drape to it. however the length was too long on me  so i came online to find it in petite  but most of the petite sizes are sold out in the gray. i shop at retailer because i like it that so many of their styles are available in petite  however the petite length sizes seem to sell out much faster than the regular sizes. i hope retailer will give us short girls a break and order more petite length sizes so
I own a couple of bailey 44 dresses and am a huge fan of their comfort and ability to flatter my figure. when i saw this one on a special promo  i knew i had to try it on. once i did  i knew it had to come home with me. i wore it to a work event last night and look forward to wearing it on a date night soon. i am a s or m and took a s in this dress. i went with cobalt and paired it with gold jewelry as in the photo.
This dress is beautiful but the bottom half was too tight for my shape.
I was so excited to receive this dress. i got a petite 4 as i am 5'2". it was very hard to zip up the side zipper but not impossible. it didn't look good on me. the waist line was a bit too high...maybe a regular would have looked better. also i thought it was a cotton dress but it isn't. also i looked like i was going to a nordic folk festival to do a traditional dance. i had been so excited to receive this but sadly it just didn't work for me and i had to send it back.
Great alternative to yoga pants  these pants are stylish and on-trend but also easy going. dress them up or throw on a hoodie and your look is instantly transformed with very little effort!
I have a gala to attend next weekend and can't wait to wear this beautiful cape. i'm a big fan of nanette lepore clothing and this cape does not disappoint. it is absolutely beautiful....chic and elegant.
This top runs super small in the upper arms  shoulder area..could not even stretch out my arms! ...other then that major problem  the length and body fit were perfect...i am true med and/or large in all retailer tops so i tried sizes 10  12 and neither worked for me due to arm/shoulder fit...disappointed because it really is a beautiful top...
I love sundry and their fun designs--i was disappointed because the fabric is very thin and the dark part of the heart is not black but bluish slate grey. it is just not what i expected from the picture. i bought the xs and it felt baggy on the body.
I loved the rich navy blue color with the accent pockets. the fabric was a nice weight  not too thin like lots of retailer tops. i liked the top from the front  however the back was way too long  especially with the looseness of the style. it would have been much better if it were not so much longer in the back and maybe a little more fitted. it might work on someone taller. i'm 5'3" and 120 lbs. and i tried xs.
Love the shape and cut of this top but it is so sheer you could see my belly button through it. if it was a dark color i would buy it. wore my regular size small. i'm 5'5"130lbs  and 32dd.
This sweater just grows on me every time i put it on. it is so comfortable  flattering and literally the perfect winter sweater. the length is long but so comfortable with leggings or skinny jeans. absolutely love it. i have the cream color one and i have to wear a tank under but the material and look is perfect.
I love deletta and regularly search for their items here on retailer. however  this one is a miss as i think it runs small or you need to be taller and thinner then i for the gathering  opening to hit you right. i did really like the color ( ordered the brown) and material but back it goes.
This sweatshirt is very comfortable and the length of the sleeves is very generous! the bodice is short so you may have to wear a camisole or tank top to avoid exposing your tummy. i usually purchase medium sized tops but had to return for an xl! this runs very small.
I love the look and design of this piece but the fit is awkward. the m gapes open and is much boxier than it looks on the model but the s is too tight in the elbows. i think i might have to return it :(
As the previous reviewer mentioned  the pockets ruin this dress. pockets  usually such a good idea! but here they're misplaced (right on the hips) and made of the same thick ponte fabric as the dress  so they stand out far from the body and completely ruin the line of the dress... not flattering to have huge gaping hip pockets. this makes an otherwise good dress a total loss.
I love  this dress. it is beautiful   feminine  and fits perfectly. i am a 4 in a dress size. i have long wait 5 7. . very happy in this simple yet unique dress.
Contrary to some of the reviews posted the dress is not excessively sheer. you can't see black underwear thru the fabric  but you can see the body's silhouette in front of a light source. it's not lingerie sheer  but more like a medium weight gauze (without the wrinkles). if you're older or modest the sheerness may bother  otherwise (due to the print) it shouldn't be much of a factor.    now on to the size... i'm a plus size girl (size 18) and based on reviews saying the dress was huge  i ordere
This is one of those you have to try it on to appreciate the lovely unique design. it is a very unique  flowing  romantic piece. it is sheer and i would wear a nude camisole underneath. i am normally a size small and bought a size 2 (i tried on a 6 in the store just to see what it looked like  fell in love with the look and the retailer associate recommended i buy a size 2). love it!
The blouse looked better on the model. i liked the way it fit  just not how it looks. the fabric made me itch  which was one of the other reasons i returned it. i wished it had looked good and the fabric didn't make me itch. i really liked the unique look to the shirt.
This dress comes with a built in fupa. literally there is extra material at the lower abdomen that sticks out and is very unflattering.
I ordered my usual medium. the tops length came only to my waist  and was wide and unflatering.   the armholes were right under my arms. too bad as this looked so cute in the picture. i returned.
This is a cute top but the fit is problematic. it runs small on top especially around the bust and sleeves but then it flares below the waist in a billowy and unflattering way with way too much fabric.  i got both an xsp and an xxsp. the xxsp fit better on bottom but i could hardly pull my arms through the sleeves. both are going back unfortunately. for reference i'm 5' 103 lbs 32b.
This was my favorite shirt before i ordered it .... i absolutely couldn't wait to wear it.  but i was so disappointed.  at 5'2" and 120 i have a athletic frame ... the small was tight in the shoulders but had so much extra fabric that i felt lost.  i wasn't wearing the shirt .... it was wearing me.
Wonderful and comfortable dress  very sweet.
Although the fabric and color is beautiful   the sleeves do not lay properly. they are too stiff and look like wings on me. sadly i must return. the quality looks great. it is unfortunate that the design was a miss.
I love this dress  but it is inches shorter than the description says or shows. i am only 5'7 and it is 2 to 3 inches above my knee. otherwise  it is a loose fit and hides all problem areas.
My daughter and i both purchased this vest at an retailer store. this vest is so flattering on and is so much cuter in person than in the online picture. it is chic and stylish and will definitely be a staple for fall and winter.
This top is so beautiful! looks even better in person. i was hesitant because of the price  but i am so happy i bit the bullet and ordered. i am a 36c and the bust is slightly snug.
I ordered this to go over a dress. i wanted the jacket short  to not cover the waist of the dress. on sale  i think it is a great bargain. the sleeves are long on me  but i rolled them  which i thought was intended since they are lined. the medium fit me. i am usually an 8 in tops. the ivory color is almost a pure white.
I took a chance and ordered this top on sale  even after reading the troublesome reviews. this updated take on the turtleneck is a keeper for me. the purple color is vibrant and the collar lays without repeated fussing. i ordered the xs (116  5'4" for reference) and the fit was tts and close to  but not snug on my torso. there is room for a button down blouse underneath (as styled in a gallery pic) and i did not find the sleeves to be problematic  as it fit me close enough to the body to not giv
I don't usually go for swing style dresses as i am petite  but this one was totally cute. i like the color a lot  wasn't sure it would work as i am rather pale  but it is nice. the xs p was returned at my store  why i tried it on... winner. 115 lbs  26.5 in waist  30dd chest. i can see myself wearing this in summer  spring or fall (with boots).
Love the muted orange color and the design. it's lightweight and will be perfect for fall days!
I bought this yesterday in store - i agree it runs large and sizing down keeps it from swallowing you.  i typically wear a large and went with a medium.  love the grey color - it will make a nice neutral.  am looking forward to wearing this well into fall/winter as i'm in the south where it takes a while to get cold.
Super soft and comfy  with stylish look
Good quality jeans  but had to return  as they did not fit my curvy hips.
Loved the color! loved the scallops! wish i loved it on me. the poplin fabric is very structured  which doesn't lend to a nice drape. the bottom hem was a little small for my curvy hips  so the top rode up a bit on me. looks lovely on a straighter figure  but wasn't amazing for me.
This is definitely a personal preference review. i loved this dress when i tried it on. it's really beautiful. however  there was just way too much fabric on the sleeves for me. i know it's the style and i have similar style dresses  but i felt really large in this dress and it all came down to the sleeves for me.
I wanted to love this as i love holding horses but it fits weird  slender in arms but baggy in the torso. i will be returning
This dress has way too much material. the material is really soft and beautiful but there's too much of it. it feels like you're wearing a big sack. sadly i'll be returning it.
The photos online make it look like a comfortable  relaxed  lightweight early fall/spring cardigan. when it arrived it looked very wrinkly and there is no "shimmer" as far as i can tell. i tried using my steamer to get some of the wrinkles out  but it didn't work. it looks too rumpled and i don't want to wear something that looks like i just rolled out of bed.
Love pilcro jeans and really hoped these would work for me. lovely soft material (98% cotton/2%  which you don't see often anymore!)  great length  nice medium rise but for me the deal breaker was the lack of belt loops. the braided detail at the waist is a fun design touch  but as someone with a small waist and wider hips  i almost always have to wear a belt with jeans and that's just not possible with these. if you don't usually wear a belt or have a straighter figure  these might work better
I am 5"7" and weigh 123 lbs. i tried on both these dresses in medium  and they both fit. they are not too thin  not too high slit  not scratchy. the problem is i am middle aged with a thick waist. the waist looked lumpy with the close fit knit. if you are younger  slim and tall  you will love it. i sent it back with regrets. hope this helps.
I bought this online in the grey and blue and had high hopes. it runs big so size down at least 1-2 sizes. i didn't realize that the sweater looking part on the forearms was part of the coat. that part of the coat is really nice and comfy. unfortunately  the rest of the coat (the wool part) is very itchy. it would've been awesome if it was lined on the inside  but it's not...so i'm taking them back.
I love tracy reese. this skirt did not disappoint. i saw it originally in store & fell in love. i waited to see if it would go on sale... and it did!  i put on the size 12 & it fit gorgeously. the fabric is a bit stiff and bulky- but i think that's so it holds its shape. first thing i went into my living room & began twirling around.  i am 5'5" 150lbs. athletic build. the sizing is true to tracy reese. i'll need to get the skirt hemmed as it's quite long on me. but- this little gem will be worn
Absolutely love the cut and design of these pants! fit so well and unique pattern at the ankle however  as is the case with many white pants  so disappointed when i tried them on at home and could see my underwear (nude color!) the pants are beautiful in every way except that they need to be lined! going back - may order the black since they're not likely to be "see through!" disappointing! was hoping to wear them to a dinner party!
This pullover is a great purchase. the color is simply stunning and is very comfortable.
This item is pretty  the print on the fabric is nice and reminiscent of embroidery  but only the top portion has a few embroidered accents. my issue with it is it's very impractical. the fabric is extremely thin  and you wouldn't want to wear it in any weather below 75 degrees. it's ridiculous to advertise this product for a fall/winter season. the tube top underneath doesn't work very hard to stay up  and isn't a very practical way to hold up the jumpsuit (why wouldnt they just stitch a lining
Most beautiful dress i have ever seen or tried on. i read all of the reviews and it seemed ladies with hips stated the dress ran small. so  after over a year of watching this dress and waiting for it to go on sale  i order a size bigger than i normally wear. i was devastated that it was too large. all sizes except 0 and 00 were sold out  so now i am stuck returning my dress or paying a small fortune to have it altered.
Looks great on. i am 5'11 and the length is perfect hits above the knee but not too short. also room in the chest area.
I really wanted to love this top! it's cute and fitted- fits well  but just hit me a tad higher than i wanted. i tried a size 2 and it fit perfectly--but with no extra room. i'm 5'5"-34c. normally wear a 2.
Thought i'd love this top; i'm a sucker for lace anything from retailer.  but i found the lace  while pretty  to be quite rough  which to me indicates a lower quality. and i guess i should've known that it would be very swingy (photos show that) but it really overwhelmed me.  for reference  5'5"  125 lbs  34d. sad  but this went back.
This is a great  versatile everyday tee. the fit is flattering  and the material is soft and lightweight. this  like many retailer tops  runs large under the arms. i first tried the medium  and although i liked the way the tee hung  it gapped in my underarms. there was no small in my store  so i tried on the xs. it still hung nicely  and no underarm gap. love the simple colors - denim blue and gray is a great combination. liked it enough to pay full price:)
While the styling is cute  the fit was poor under the arms and there was quite a gap. i returned this.
I wanted to love this top. but  it looks like an ambitious 12 year old made it with rumpled fabric and lace found in her grandmothers attic. re: hopeful  but not good. the quality is not good and it hangs strangely on. sadly it is going back.
Yeah i know that sounds ridiculous. but this is really a nice piece  the fabric is thin and soft with a little structure to avoid any pajama vibes. the color is perfect  a mid-deep indigo with just enough fading. i don't find it unwieldy or challenging to get on and off  and i like how the fit is adjustable with the waist tie. that said  it does run small. i'm usually a 6/28 and started off with a m. it was pretty form fitting  and the ct risk was at orange level. then the zipper wouldn't stay u
I love the idea of this shirt  but the execution is absolutely horrible. i ordered online and what i received is just a mess. the stitching at the bottom has big globs of black thread. not just a few hanging off  but literally big clumps. a large portion of the stitching on the whole shirt looks like it should be on the underside of the shirt as the where the thread is tied off is on the outside!! the fit is just as big a mess. i always have to buy a large in fitted shirts because i have very br
I ordered this in the china pattern color  and the colors are vibrant and beautiful! the suit is well made and slimming. there are no bra cups; just a shelf bra  but the tie halter adds some extra support. i have trouble buying bathing suits  but i am very happy with this one.
I was very excited when i saw this in a perk email and immediately went to order it. unfortunately  the stock image of this pullover is misleading. it's boxy (image makes it seem like it's form-fitting) and the weave/mesh is much thicker and open in person. as shown  you do need a cami underneath. i ordered this in a small and medium since it's an online exclusive and there were no other products by on the road to see reviews of to know how their tops fit. i wanted to love this. i didn't think i
I absolutely loved this dress and when i received it  it was exactly the way it looked/fit online. the material is so pretty and the fit was amazing. it was a bit wrinkled  but i'm used to ironing things  so that didn't bother me. unfortunately  i had to return it though because of the color. i'm filipino  and this yellow just isn't flattering on someone with dark/tan skin. yellow is a tricky color for me to begin with  but this was more of a mustard yellow and just totally wrong for my coloring
I really wanted to love this dress. it is absolutely beautiful - the color  design and details. however  whether it is the high neckline or the sleeves  it did nothing for me and made me look kinda frumpy. though i am slender  i have a chest. maybe that was the problem.
This skirt is exactly as i had hoped it would be. the zipper works great  the material feels nice  and the liner is attached to the skirt so there is no bunching effect. after the first time i wore the skirt i went out and bought more tops to go with it. i highly recommend this skirt.
This shirt fits great. normally wear an xs or a small and a small fits in this. comfortable and cute on. i wish i had ordered the other color as well.
I ordered a bunch of clothing from retailer last week  and this is by far my favorite purchase! the detail is gorgeous  it's very soft  and figure flattering.
I wanted this dress so much  i ordered it twice. both times the zipper was defective--it would get stuck midway up  at the waistline--so i had to send it back (there isn't an retailer in my area). this is a shame because it's got great colors and looks flattering on  and i was looking forward to pairing it with a cardigan/boots for fall. i even thought about taking it to a seamstress to have the zipper replaced  but the cost didn't seem worth it. too bad  as it seems like it would be a nice
Very quick delivery. ordered sunday and in my mailbox tuesday before noon! nice fit  length is perfect. i'm 5'3" and the regular size 6 hits just above the knee. one thing is the nice little button in the back fell off just as i was going to try it on. found on the floor and i will just sew it back on. other than that i love the print and everything about the dress. true to size. ?? retailer
Retailer consistently provides unique  sophisticated and quality made clothing. with the exception of an occasional purchase at their sister companies  i shop with them exclusively. i suppose that i can't expect 100% perfection from retailer-but 99% of the time-that's what i get. this is that 1%...this sweater is truly awful! i cannot (or find it very difficult at least) begin to describe what this sweater is like but it is so unlike retailer that  had it not been for the distinct pattern on the front
This light blouse is beautiful and true to size. i ordered the black one and love it!  i would recommend this product
I agree with other reviewer  the material of these jeans is not the same! thin  stretches  and you end up pulling them up all the time. i am a short  curvy girl and would love to have the old jean fabric back! this seems to be the trend in jeans?nydj also uses this fabric?stretches too much.
I wanted to love this dress--a throw-on-and-go outfit that was casual enough with sneakers for errands but stylish enough with dressy sandals for a brunch date--but didn't for a couple of reasons.    first  it is way too short for me  especially on the sides because of the war the ruffled bottom lay  to wear as a dress. it was more tunic length- but i wouldn't want to wear pants underneath because it would take away from the overall aesthetic. also  the ruffled sleeves give me unwanted volume th
Not in love with this one. the fabric is thin and seems cheap... it seems overpriced even on sale. and it runs a bit small along the bust. i could maybe get away with it without a bra  but after 3 kids  braless isn't my best look. and i don't think the print is a pretty in person as it is online - can't quite put my finger on why... maybe a little darker in person. that said  the fit is flattering. the cinched waist is lovely  and the skirt is nice and flowy. even so  this one is going back.
This sweater is absolutely lovely. i bought it in the sky color which is so pretty  the picture just doesn't do it justice! the yarn is super soft and it seems as though it will be plenty warm this winter. i also love the retro 70's look. a definite keeper.
I purchased these in white and love them! fit my muscular thighs fine.
Purchased these pants that i had quickly tried on. when i got home  i re-tried them and felt they were too snug and the material had an odd feel and did not lay right. i took them back and tried them in the next size. they fit much better but the material did not lay well on me. i think that they are a bit too stretchy and ended up not buying the larger ones either. i would definitely recommend trying these in a store rather then ordering online.
I love how this long sweater drapes. it's soft -feels great on - and looks fabulous over leggings or skinnys!
I really like this dress but after looking at the photo  it doesn't look like this  well at least on me. granted  i am 36dd so that might be part of the reason  but this dress is definitely trapeze style. i love the look but am cringing at the thought that someone is going to think i am pregnant. because of this  a belt is a must. plus it is the only way to achieve the look in the photos because it is a lot fuller in real life.     another nice touch to this dress is that versatility with the ru
This just wouldn't lay right on me. the top is really too big. maybe if you're really busty  this is great  but not for me. i know the top is supposed to be a bit blousy  but it was huge and droopy and unflattering (not like in the picture). the arm holes were too big and hung down so you could see my bra  which i really hate and which is way too common lately. the bottom half fit perfectly  so sizing up or down would not have helped. the material is super light and comfy  which i liked very muc
Love this! ordered it on sale  but i really do think it's worth full price! i went with a small even though an extra small would have been good too...i'm slender and 5'9" about 125# with full bust. the small fits similar to the model  and because i wanted it to fit well in the sleeves (i have long arms!) and length  i went with the small. maybe should have gone smaller as it is roomy! it's very well made and although you'll need a cami  i still feel as if it will be very cozy. perfect for our mi
Generally  i find sizing at retailer to be very consistent  so i ordered this dress in the same size that i order all of my other retailer dresses. the bust was way to small. so i had to go and return this and have the next size up shipped to me. it's till way too small! in addition  the shipping was terrible - the dress was just dumped into a bag with no attempt to fold this  and the right strap was defective! it's so irritating that i have to return this again!
I love retailer and fell in love as soon as i saw this dress online. being 5'10" i love a quality maxi dress and this one did not disappoint. however  being 5'10" also means the top sweater overlay hits me way short. it looks ridiculous. i also thought that this was very heavy for a maxi dress and could not imagine wearing it in 80 degree weather. unfortunately after waiting so long for it's arrival this is going back.
Was not flattering on my body - i have a fuller figure  and this just made me look like i was pregnant.
I read the other review that said the shirt was boxy  i didn't think it would be a terribly big deal. unfortunately  it is. normally i wear a size s  so i sized down o an xs. the shirt fits in the sleeves and neckline  but the shirt is still very box and now super short. unfortunately  this is going back. not a good fit. adorable details but the fit is terrible.
After reading the previous review  i was pretty confident in ordering this dress. it arrived in the mail today  and i was so disappointed. first of all  it's huge. the medium was way too big on me  and i'm never a small at retailer! (i even considered ordering the large in this - my normal size at retailer.) second  the colors are not as vibrant as in the photo  and the fabric felt cheap. finally  it just looked like i went to hawaii and bought a drab dress there that didn't fit right.
I ordered this in size xl and it ran small. i'm a pear-shape and thought this style would be flattering. i have a few other peplum-style sweatshirts from retailer that are my favorites. but  the cut on this is tighter so the bottom layers gap and don't flow well. i found it to run short too. it's cut one size too small. i would have sized up but  being xl  there's no option for that. i'm returning mine.  the applique is done well and is cute. the colors look the same in person.
I'm really looking forward to wearing this skort on vacation in hawaii. it's a great color  soft  flowy  fun  practical.
The fabric is very thin. it isn't see through  just thin. i would have kept this if the full length shell wasn't longer than the dress.
I've been shopping at retailer since 2007  and floreat used to be my favorite designer  but for the past year or more  floreat mostly misses the mark. this blouse looks nothing like it does on the model.   1. it is long on her  not so in real life. this is probably the worst part about this blouse. if it were not for this  i might try on a size m and give it another chance.  2. it runs very large. i usually take a l or xl. i think i would need a m in this  as mentioned above.  3. in the picture  t
The top is more of a cream color than an ivory. it's also a bit boxer than anticipated. fit is true to size.
Truthfully  i wouldn't have looked twice at this shirt online. i came across it at my local retailer store and i'm so glad i did. the colors are more vivid and beautiful in person. i purchased the small (my normal size) and it hits at the waist.
Saw this online and went in to try on. fit great and is true to size  but i should have known there would be issues as three out of six on the rack had the sewn in tags were all but hanging by a thread. i bought this for my bachelorette weekend in napa and when i put this on i noticed the straps had a few threads coming out and i thought  better get this to the seamstress as soon as i get home to secure the straps. well  literally five minutes into the car ride to the wineries i noticed the seam
I own 4-5 other cloth and stone tops and always love the softness of the material. this one missed the mark. not soft and very thick. not what i was expecting.
Again  nope. looks chic on the model  looked like a floor-length flannel nightgown on me. if you'd put a bonnet on me and stuck a candlestick in my hand  i could double for ebenezer scrooge in "a christmas carol." i believe the word i used to describe it when i tried it on was "shmata" (yiddish for "rags). it looked like i was wearing a rag. the ruching didn't do anything to flatter my figure  the knit did not seem terribly warm for a sweater (felt more like rayon or nylon jersey than a knit swe
Gorgeous with that retailer uniqueness.    unfortunately this shade of yellow just wasn't right for me.    but it is a beautiful dress
I absolutely love these pants! i have been searching for a pair of linen pants for quite a few years but have never really found a pair that looked good on me until now. i have usually found linen pants to lack shape and end up making me look frumpy but i really love the fabric. well  these pants actually have some structure to them and are still super comfy and soft. i bought the neutral color which is acutually a very fine tan and white pinstripe which makes the pants a bit more classy. i love
This swimsuit is super cute and retro. the ruching on the stomach is very flattering and the shaping on the padded cups makes for a very nice hourglass 1950s-inspired look. great for us ladies without a lot up top. i felt very marilyn monroe in this suit! i love the back coverage  too -- your butt doesn't hang out of the suit and the boyshort style offers a good amount of coverage without being dowdy.  i was worried about sizing when i first ordered it. based on what everyone said  i went with a
This was the dress i was most excited about in the new arrivals  but sadly it didn't live up to expectations. unlike the first two product photos  the dress is baggy and empire waisted  and the black trim is the thin one shown in the last two product photos. the dress is slip on with no zipper or tie  and on me there were about 4+ inches to spare at the waist. all in all it felt sloppy  such a shame as i would have loved the original design online.    anyhow  i wanted to share photos of the real
This is a beautiful blouse however it runs big. i order the small and had to return it. my measurements are 5'4 135 34c-28-38 for reference. you will not regret buying this blouse but it has to be the right size if not it would look like it did on me  frumpy. i kept taking it off and putting it back on trying to make it work (because i liked the material that much) but if you look at the model she has her arms straight down. when i lifted my arms i had 3 inches of extra material on both side. th
Oh elevenses  i love your pants..the fabrics  the details  the length. i've found elevenses to be classic work pants. reliable  professional  well made. these are none of those things. the cardinal trousers are thin and the rise feels much higher that's it appears in the picture. the red pair are thin  stretchy and cheap. both pairs have to go back. i'm truly sad.
I purchased these in january and today i am going back to retailer to request a refund; the fabric on the inner thighs are absolutely thread bare. i am 5'6 and wear a size 28. they fit comfortably with great stretch  but apparently the fabric is so cheap that if your thighs should happen to touch  you will wear holes through the thighs in very short order.    first they started piling  which i had never a pair of pilcro pants do before  and within 2 washes i could actually see through the f
I love the style  but it didn't work for me. i ordered the r size. they were way too too long. i generally wear size 26  and the r length works with most retailer pants. with this particular pant  i could barely pull up the zipper. i'm not sure what happened bc i haven't gained any additional weight. i am 5'2  and 110 lbs. unfortunately  i had to return the pants. i think the design is for supermodels. maybe a petite size would have worked? the p was out of stock. good luck!
Loved the shorts version of these so ordered the pants but not quite the right fit for my legs. no fault of the pants just too skinny in the legs.
Simply lovely to look at because of the fringe detail and it's a joy to wear because it does not cling to my trouble spots.  very versatile as it can be worn and layered in many different ways.  i was lucky enough to buy this in petite but i'm sure the regular would've been fine.  looking forward to outfitting this because i got so much inspiration from instagram.
I ordered this on-line. while it fits well before washing  the fabric is a bit thin. i'm afraid it might shrink in the wash  too. i haven't worn it yet because i'm trying to decide it i will keep it or return it. colors are a bit more muted than i would like also.
I loved this dress before putting it on  but it was just not the right cut or style for my body type. it is very roomy and full and looked like a maternity dress which was not a look i was going for. sadly this will be going back. i loved the print and the feel of the material. just not a flattering cut for me.
Not only was it love at first sight when i saw it online  but i fell even more in love at first touch! everything about this dress is perfection. i got the black motif & the colors are just lovely. the weight & feel of the dress are nice  & the length is great. i added a skinny black belt for more waist definition  but it's cute with or without it. i am more than pleased with this purchase.
I ordered the blouse in black. it's not quite black but maybe in between a brownish gray. very pretty color. it fits just right. would have like it just a tad longer.
This is a cute top but unfortunately when i washed it (delicate  cold water  line dry) it shrunk excessively in length. i'm very disappointed.
I loved the look of the dress. it's a very flattering design. however  i absolutely hate the side zipper. every time i have worn it  the zipper will get stuck and it is a struggle to get it up. the side tie is a very cute touch  but you definitely have to figure out the best way to tie it  so you don't have a huge bump of fabric on your back. having said all this  i still did get a lot of compliments from this dress. i do wish the dress had a lining.
I want to love this dress. it's cute and fits well...except that the hem has been taken out! it looks like it had a hem that was removed  and they left the crease remnant and frayed edge. looks very sloppy on the bottom. to keep this dress  i would have to pay a seamstress to hem it  and i don't want to pay extra money for something that should already be done.
I'm on the shorter (5''3") side of the spectrum and usually wear an xs in retailer. this is a lovely suit but it didn't work at all for me. it might work well on a taller person or someone who is longer waisted. the ruching and fuller cut leg was not flattering on me at all. it was very tight and pinched. sadly  i returned it.
This sweater caught my eye and the positive reviews and pre-holiday sale had me try it. loved the color and cut but surprisingly not the embroidery. i felt like i'd wear it a couple of times and then tire of it. my husband and daughter both said  "meh " so back it went.
I loved this top but the cut was too short in the waist for my 5'8" frame. wish it came in a tall size!
I ordered this in the red stripe material. i love it! it is so soft and easy to wear. i'm wearing it as a bathing suit cover. a nice pink slip is included.
I love this top  it's design is very pretty and like nothing that i have. i think this top runs true to size  i'm usually an xs/s in tops and i went with the s for this one and it fits great. i will say that the top layer of material will snag very easily  so while wearing it you have to be very careful!!
This dress is so pretty  a true cinderella dress  that's why i can't find a reasonable explanation for such an amazing dress to be made out of plastic. i don't understand much about fabrics  but the dress feels like a waterproof camping tent. i bought a size 14  which is what i wear in moulinette souers (i usually go one size up since i find the rib cage small in this brand)  the fit was perfect and the cut was very flattering. i will anxiously hope for a remake of this dress with a better fabri
I got this cute tunic in-store in the coral color during a 25% off sale items promotion. it's a fun  quirky piece with mixed fabrics  and can be worn alone with leggings or layered with a jacket  skinny jeans and boots. a versatile piece  it does have a few issues. i found he armhole to be slightly large on my petite frame  even in the xs; not a deal-breaker  but a bit of a pet peeve for me. i'll probably end up wearing cami under it most of the time  since the top knit portion is a somewhat loo
I am obsessed with this shirt! it's sooooo comfy and soft  like wearing a blanket! perfect for throwing over yoga clothes. comfy yet adorable.
I was worried about this item when i ordered it because of how it looks in the picture  but i had wishful thinking. i should have gone with my gut! this shirt does not have the same quality as all my other retailer purchases. it is see-through and flimsy. the bottom is just like the picture  it hangs in an odd rumpled way. the top is very flattering though  so it's a shame! if the bottom fit nicer like their other products i could have gotten away with wearing a cami under it to make up for the qu
Echoing others' remarks  this top runs large/wide (wise to size down). the embroidery is beautiful and for the volume of work  this arrived with minimal to no loose threads. however  i was bit disappointed by the mixed cotton textures - most of the top is a knit  tshirt like textures  while the bottom hem (with the horizontal stripe embroidery) is a stiffer  thinner woven cotton that i had thought would be the material for the whole shirt. the mixtures of textures and predominant knit textile ma
The top on the model in the photo is a true ivory  but the top in reality is more beige. well  i'm blonde with fair skin  so i'm not sure this is going to work. it also looks more dressy in the photo than it does in reality -- i think the ivory color on the model and the pleats only down the front make it look more dressy -- but in reality  with it really being beige  having pleats everywhere  and being a crinkly fabric  it looks more casual. i had wanted it to be more dressy to pair with skirts
I really loved the colors in this dress and was looking for a long sleeve dress. this style may just be big fitting but the sleeves were way too long and the dress was just shapeless on me. i usually wear a small or a size 4 in clothing and the size small in this dress was way too big. the x-small may have been a better fit but this dress was on backorder and i just received it right before we are going on a trip. there's no time to order the x-small but maybe i can look at it again when we retu
Cropped and wide- would look cuter on someone who is more petite. was too wide and cropped for me. very sheer.
I decided to try this dress on based on the other reviewer's positive words  and i wasn't disappointed! it's so cute and stylish. i plan to wear with black boots. i'm 5'6"  120 lbs  34c  wear a 2 or 4  and i got a 4. one thing - at the waist  the pattern breaks a bit and doesn't match perfectly. i tried on a second dress and liked its pattern more than i did that of the first i tried.
This is not worth $128. it looks cute on but....there is no support in the bust area. just a slight tuck in the fabric -it also is very flowy which is great and it is comfortable but for the price and the thinness and lack of meatiness to the fabric itself i cannot recommend and will be returning. i'll look for something else. i haven't bought from retailer in a dogs age and i hope the quality hasn't slipped - i will look for another option.
Purchased this in white specifically because i loved the back detail-- (i don't know why most designers overlook the back??). huge disappointment-- the back is totally plain  not at all like the picture of the white top on here and the fabric in the back isn't even the same material as the front. it's almost as if the back is made out of leftover lining from another garment. it was a very sad return! i usually love this brand  this was just a quality control oversight i guess.
This blouse is so beautiful - the collar  sleeves  material...everything except the cut! it was like a tent. it needed to be more tapered  which would be easy to do while still maintaining the beautiful breezy flow  and be about two inches longer.    i had been drooling over this top for awhile and was so disappointed! please fix it and then i will buy again. i am 5'4"  140lbs and busty...a small was perfect  with the exception of the massive amount of material.
Love the easy fit of this dress. great for work or family events. love the ribbed sleeves and pockets are a plus!
Purchased because i wanted a deep red sweater  and this one was the perfect color. unfortunately i am on the curvier side  with 34g chest  155lbs 5' 5"  and the med was too big  (i usually wear m or l at retailer.) also the fit ended up being boxy on my body type.
I love the color of this top but the style is not flattering. i normally wear a l or xl in retailer clothes and i ordered a l in this and it was massive! i went into the store to try on a medium and it fit much better but is still very bulky around the middle where the ruffles are and it is very wide. bummer
First mermaid-ish skirt ever that's flattering enough to pull off with a curvy lower body. the material is light-weight sweater knit that hugs in all the right places and its unique cut along the bottom make it very in the moment. the color is a rich  deep  gorgeous brown with subtle highlights that draw from whatever top you pear with it. runs large so size down.
I have a booty  and these pants love it. they fit my curves (size 10 with flat abs  but as i said a booty) all while looking professional. at m y husband's insistence i'm buying they grey too.
When i saw this blouse online i thought it looked like a great combination of casual with the elegance of an intricate print. i was so disappointed when it came. the print is not centered in the front or the back. it looks like they were trying to save on the material and just cut it out wherever with no thought to symmetry. for this price the detail of centering the design was expected  especially because this is how it appeared in the picture. loved the blouse  but i will be returning it becau
This dress is gorgeous as displayed at store. color is vibrant  but the one i ordered looked dull and wrinkles very easily. i wore it to a ceremony and the seatbelt left me wrinkled before i arrived. the top is very wide and best to wear strapless.
Love the colors  love the design  and sure to keep you toasty. im usually a size 0 or 2 so i ordered an extra small- it felt a bit roomie
I wanted to love this skirt. i love high-waisted skirts and the length seemed flattering on the model; it was not so flattering on me. the fabric is so lovely--truly the photos online don't do it justice. it's heavy and luxurious  wonderful for fall or winter  and the gold  gray  and navy floral pattern is not too flashy or bold. plus  pockets! however  the midi length did not work for me  despite the product's suggestion that it was a universally flattering length  just above the knee. i'm not
I love this dress because it is different and unique. i agree with others that the torso runs tight. i got lucky and it still fits snuggly. i think that's the look the upper part should get with the bottom more a-line and flowy.   it's super cute though. the material is truly jeans material  therefore quite heavy and think. maybe not a dress for summer. more spring or fall with a little sweater.
This top is beautiful. soft and silky and hangs in a very flattering manner. i am usually a 4  but sized up to an 8 to get a little more length. it drapes really nicely. i wear it with skinny jeans and a long necklaces for a casual  put-together look or it can be dressed up easily  too. i'm not sure what the previous reviewer meant about the neckline. it lays perfectly on me. highly recommend.
I know this is supposed to be a loose  flowy fit which is exactly the style i love. however  this is beyond tent-like. i'm 40 weeks pregnant and i can probably fit two of me in my normal size small. fabric is very thin and pattern looks like drab wallpaper. huge bummer  especially after seeing a few 5-stars.
Size up i was surprised that the fit was small i always seem to wear a 6 in retailer pencil skirts this was tight!
Yay for the return of shirts that show your form but don't reveal the flaws! i bought this in cream which only seems to be in stores right now. the stripes on the cream version are vibrant and beautiful. the weight of the top is very nice and really hugs your shape. i did think it ran a tad small. i bought the large but also could have worn the medium.
This has a cute aesthetic on the hanger but not so great on- at least for my body type. i am 5'10" with broad shoulders and slim  and both the arms and dress length were too short. in addition  the size 8 was boxy and unflattering. sizing down to a 6 would have exacerbated the length issues.
This sweater is the kind of find i hope for when i browse the retailer website or walk into the store. i tried two sizes -- i sometimes wear an s and sometimes an xs these days -- and after trying them both i felt that with this sweater it was better to err on the side of snugness. the hooks and eyes pull a bit  but i won't be fastening this all the way to the top. the smaller size works better to hug my waist before the peplum flares out. the color is a dreamy pinky nude (more pink than nude)  an
Great jeans!!! i'm over 60 & it's difficult finding jeans. these fit like a glove  with just enough stretch & the twisted hem adds a bit of unexpected style. i liked them so much  i ordered another pair!
I love the look and feel of the material  but it was way too short - i don't even have a long torso! sadly  it's going back to the store.
I ordered this dress in my usual size and unfortunately when it arrived  it was damaged and also a little too big. the fabric had lots of pulls in it like it had been tried on many times.  i called customer service and requested a replacement in a smaller size. it fit great and looked beautiful but there was a rip in the sleeve.  this is a gorgeous dress and very flattering and well fitting (if you size down)  but i had to return both and wear something else to a holiday party.  i'd only recomme
Beautiful pattern and shape! however i had to send it back! it is extremely see through and ran very small! i even sized up and it still pulled in the bust area! maybe someone with a smaller bust might fit them better!
This jacket is as cute as it looks in the picture  color is very close too. i normally wear a 4-6 top (sometimes s sometimes m). the small looked great until i tried to raise my arms - the cut runs a bit small acrossed the back). i love this jacket though! the m fits nicely and i highly recommend it!
The most important thing is that my husband said he really liked the dress when i put it on.
I expected the waist to be cinched like it appears on the model but it isn't. i ordered the xs and i'm swimming in it (i'm 5'4" and 120 lb). would suggest ordering a few sizes down to avoid looking like you're wrapped in grandma's table runner.
I didn't plan to wear this off shoulder. sadly the neck is too loose and big if worn on shoulder. the fabric is nice. i liked the vintage looking design that's black with purple flowers. the body has a lot of fabric and although i ordered size large  i would size down to a medium if i were to reorder. don't think i will  though.
The material feels substantial and decent. however the diameter of the opening for arm is too big  it exposes good chunk of my bra. have to return it. there're also loose fiber of the fabrics  not sure if it is because it's new.
I got this in an xs as the s sold out before i could purchase. i can still zip it at 27.5/28" but would be more comfortable at say 26". i'm almost 5'5" and with 3" heels it skims the floor perfectly. i'm so obsessed with the weight and texture! it is full and fabulous! i'll just need to slim down a tad so i can be comfortable at my sister-in-laws wedding next month.   i wore a very fitted tank and it works perfectly! photographs well and feels very red carpet worthy.
This too is great to throw on when running to class or going out. love the two different materials and the back detail.
Love this sweatshirt! i'm 5'2" 110lbs and ordered the x-small. it's a little boxy but very comfy. it's definitely light peach in color and not pink  as shown. very happy with this purchase!
Loved these when i tried them on they fit well and were so flattering. i am a size 0/2 and 5' tall and have a 'bubble butt' and thicker thighs with a narrow waist i tried on a 24 they we a little tight on my bum and thighs but the waist was perfect  tried on a 25 and they were much more comfortable on my legs and worked on my waist as well. i thought all was good but after wearing them out for not even ten minutes they started slipping down constantly and loosed up around all areas especially my
I loved this blouse  but had to return. i am 5'2"  127 lbs. 36d. i found that the blouse was tight in the bust and very wide in the shoulders. the sleeves are puffy  which is fine  but the wideness is from edge of the bib to where the sleeve is attached and therefore the top did not lay flat. if you have wide shoulders and a small bust - this blouse will be perfect for you. i liked the material  it was thin but perfect for a summer nights.
Beautiful top but it didn't fit. i am small chested with wide shoulders  normally wear a xs or s - ordered the xs and it swallowed me.
Ordered this vest on line and returned it due too poor quality .
I was so surprised by this jacket! i grabbed it as a last minute thought and then when i tried it on i was in love! i have a pink dress i'm going to wear it over but i also love it over a frilly off white tank or even just over a basic t. i am so excited for cooler weather. be warned its not lined or warm. its more of a shirt than a true jacket but it's perfect for fall in california. i wear a small or m and went with a medium on this one.
Gorgeous design  but it was just so heavy. i felt overwhelmed by the amount of fabric  although this is my fault for thinking i could get by in regular sizing as petite was sold out. will be returning
Super cute dress online on the model. what you can't tell from the picture is the slip underneath is not true to size of the dress and the outside layer of the dress is more sheer than the picture shows so you can tell the slip underneath is very tight. it might be my body type. otherwise  it's super cute in person and i wish it would've fit better!
This top is such a great investment piece. looks classy and is comfortable all at the same time. it is pricey but you will not regret buying this. goes great with light trouser denim or i have the green pilcro khakis. it will he something you will keep in your closet for a long time.
I got this in black. will probably get in the purple print too. the purple is a bit more casual  while the black can be work appropriate if with a nice top. very comfy.
These leggings are very comfortable and cute. only reason they are not 5 stars is because the pattern is not quite as vibrant as i was expecting.
I liked the colors and the design but it's kind of an odd fabric  no give at all and no drape. stiff and kind of structured feeling for a casual cardigan. the sleeves are extremely narrow and tight. i ordered a medium and it felt like a ace bandage squeezing my arms. my arms are normal sized. if you have exceptionally narrow arms  might work for you. sending it back.
This coat is beautiful! i love the color and the design. it definitely runs a little large. i usually wear a small or a zero and i can wear a small wth a large sweater underneath no problem. i might have wanted an extra small but i just stuck with the small because i needed the coat already. the vest keeps it warm  but the sleeves aren't lined so it's cold unless you have a nice sweater underneath it if you're going to be in cold weather.
I adore this dress. i bought a little over a month ago and have already worn it many times- rare for me. it is so easy to throw on and yet it's stylish and flattering- i don't have the time or energy i used to get dressed up so i love this. when i bought it  it was knotted on one side in the front. that's the only way i wear it now. it just adds something to it and gives it more shape. i've washed it several times (laid flat to dry) and it has held up well. i'm definitely bookmarking this to buy
I had hoped this bulky knit would be cuddly and soft  with suri (a type of alpaca) in the title. i don't know if the blend (45% polyamide  25% royal baby alpaca  20% fine merino) threw it  but had i felt this in store  i would never have even picked it up. unimpressed.
I purchased this top at my local store this past weekend  and i have to say i already know it will become an easy  go-to top. it does run large  so consider that when choosing what size to order. i generally wear a medium  but purchased a small in this top.
This jacket looks great and is well made. the material is very lush however the body of the jacket runs big while the sleeves are tight.
I bought this dress for a trip to the caribbean and really enjoyed wearing it. i was worried it might look like a "sack" but i think it is both slimming and flattering. i love the interesting neckline and rolled up sleeves!! a winner.
I just tried the blue polka dot one on at my local retailer. i'm 5'3ish  117#  34d-dd and usually wear a size 4 or xs in most retailer brands. i tried this in size 2 and had a better fit hence the runs large rating. this is a very plunging neckline. not work appropriate and i'm fairly notorious for being out there. the band in the back didn't hit right at my bra in the back so not sure what to tell you there. the shoulder straps are adjustable. there are 2 buttons so you can tighten it up a bit so y
I live in hawaii and always looking for a comfortable light and breezy dresses  this was perfect. the colors are gorgeous  the fit is true to size and it is extremely comfortable. dress it up or dress it down with a denim jacket and you will be definitely love it. i am thrilled i made the purchase!!
I was looking for an undergarment and this is more of a nightgown. if it came in a solid color then i'd probably buy it. i usually wear a small and this was a tad too tight. on the upside  the fabric was soft and lightweight.
This cardigan is very cute. but after 1 wash and no dryer the back has a bunch of pulled threads! very bummed with the quality.
These tights are wonderful  exactly as pictured (but the shimmer is more apparent in person)  definitely true to size  and super comfy! the only tricky part is finding the right shoes to pair with.
A lot of reviewers have been saying that this dress is simply too busy to be wearable and they're right! i love the cut and fit of this dress but don't love the style. the awesome stylist at my retailer told me to take off the belt and then try it on with a ribbon ( like the one on the charisma sheath) and it was so much more cute. it completely changed the look of the dress and made it look more classy. the belt looks very cheap in person and a little hoochie mamma if you wear it with the dress i
This ia very pretty dress. however  it is a unique design. i like the design of the dress  but i can see where some may not. i can't see a younger person wearing this. it is more for an older woman. the dress is so soft  does wrinkle easily  but just a beautiful pattern and comfortable. i can see some of my friends thinking this is too much like a nightgown  but i really love this dress!
I thought it would be heavier than it is. it's thin and more delicate than what i would expect for a winter sweater (it contains wool so not really suitable for spring/summer). it's also shorter than it appears on the model and a little wider/boxier too.
I really loved this skirt on the model  but it just wasn't flattering when i received my order. i ordered two sizes - 2 and 4. i am 5'4  athletic build and the front closure made my waist look much larger than it is. the back of the skirt also flared out more than i expected it to.     sadly  i had to return both. perhaps this would look better on someone with a much taller frame.
Love these pants. very flattering. not much stretch. the rear waist band is elastic with minimal stretch and not visible to others. they are long but wearable with the right heels.
The top red is more like orange. was disappointed and returned it
Like other reviewers have said  this item runs extremely long and large. i could have fit my body in one pant leg they were so wide--much wider than any standard wide leg pant i've owned. sadly had to return.
Absolutely in love with this top. the embroidery and back button detail make for a unique and fun look. light and airy material will be perfect in warmer weather with a cute pair of shorts. i got a size small and it fits perfectly. measurements: 5'4  135lbs  32e
I like this tunic. it is quite long and print in blue looks good with the butterflies. it feels very hot though! maybe better for winter. the sleeves are linen  i usually don't like linen much  it feels scratchy. this top works better in colder weather due to the sleeves and length of top. more like a tunic. i recommend it but am sending it back because i need something for summer.
I have bought other leggings at retailer and they were fine. these run small. i have to return.
The shirt is quite beautiful  the lace is thick and high quality. however  i have a short-ish torso and hourglass figure and this shirt added 20 lbs. the peplum fabric below the waist hung awkwardly and poofed out. maybe this would work better for a taller person  or one who has a straighter build.
I got the red  which was short sleeved. the shirt itself was so cute  but the fit is very boxy. i got a small and it was way too wide. far wider and shorter in the waist than the picture shows. i am sad to return  but it makes me look like a square. (shape that is)
Great addition to my cold weather wardrobe! comfortable and has the slouchy look  but still nice enough to wear to work.
My husband bought me these joggers for a retreat i went on. they are so comfortable and really cute. i am usually a size 4 and the size small fit great with some room.
I was very excited about receiving this dress. unfortunately i was a little disappointed when i opened the package  as the color was darker than on the picture.  i live in florida where the sun is always shining and although this dress has a beautiful simple design  it isn't for me as the color is too "winter".
Can't wait to wear this during the holidays. beautiful embroidery and detailing.
I wanted to fall in love with this jacket! i'm an xs or s in retailer brands so i ordered this online in both sizes. when i received it i felt the fabric and immediately loved the color and texture. creamy white (not too stark) and so incredibly soft! the length was the same as on the model which is what i wanted because being 5'2 113# many jackets swallow me. i have narrow shoulders and unfortunately this jacket was too broad and puffy for my frame  and i looked like a marshmallow. the xs was the
I thought these were gorgeous and was going to buy them although the price was a bit high. in fact  two separate women came up to me as i was walking around the store and asked where i got the pants because the colors are so vivid. however  as we were looking at the items  we noticed that both the green and the blue both had several small holes in them due to stitching quality  as the previous reviewer noted. therefore  none of us purchased the pants.    the staff at the store were very helpful
1. i like a shorter jacket  but this one was poorly made and poorly fit.  2. the sleeves were way too tight. i'm a size 10 or 12  and the large which would be a 14 had tight sleeves that wrinkled up my arms  and the hem of the sleeve turned inside out.  3. i ordered both a medium (size 10) and a large (size 14)   and neither hung right. the m too tight  and the large too loose in the body and too tight in the sleeves.  4. very polyester with lots of static.  5. cute idea  but not very good in pe
Material is hard to wear a bra under it
I really like this skirt but unfortunately there is no lining  so it's a bit see through under the light. also there is no hook at the top of the zipper to secure the skirt. i just think that with this kind of price  the skirt should come at least with the lining. otherwise  it's beautiful skirt  flowy and very feminine.
I love this dress. i've received compliments from everyone. it's long enough to feel appropriate for work or teaching in sunday school - and  it's beautiful!
I usually do not buy dresses at full price but when i saw the teal version of this dress on the website i caved in and bought it. i had also tried the pink version of this dress in store. it's very cute and sweet but i don't think i can pull it off. the teal version is pretty accurate in color to the on screen image.    this dress runs huge. i usually wear a 6 or 8 in retailer dresses and went with a size 2 for this one. it fits comfortably without being too baggy or like a tent. the materi
I bought this for an upcoming conference and was grateful that it shipped very promptly.  it runs quite large  in my opinion. i'm 5'7" and about 130-135lbs. the small was huge on me in the chest and shoulders/arms. the stomach also wasn't very fitted. the material is thinner than i expected (you can see through the dress to some extent when you hold it up to the light)  but i don't think this is a problem  necessarily. had it been thicker  it probably would be too warm. but you might need a slip
This dress has a nice soft fabric and pretty details in the stitching and there is a matching slip with adjustable straps that snaps onto the inside shoulders. i found the length in petite to be fine but the loose fit to be unflattering for me as a short person (5'1"). however  the photos here on the website with the model are quite accurate- you can see exactly how it fits loose through the waist. if that's what you are looking for  go for it  but personally i didn't find it to "do anything" fo
The stress is a simple basic. i got it in the navy stripe and have worn it with the long gray scarf  similar to pictured. it is very soft and comfortable.
I wanted to like this but it just didn't have much of a shape  not flattering at all. maybe if i was taller?
My skirt arrived this week and its beautiful! i'm so happy i splurged on it. i'm usually a size 6 and the medium fits perfect  although it is quite long (i'm 5'2" though;). i will probably get it hemmed  but went ahead and wore it anyway and actually found i like it a bit long and its very comfortable. the fabric is very high quality and the color is stunning.
I absolutely love this top. i am short (5'2") but curvy on the bottom with a 36dd bust. i ordered the xl  only because of my upper body. it fits great  as i don't like anything to hug my body. but it doesn't look like a tent. has a little a-line shape to it. another reason i go for the larger size is i like to dry all my clothes. ordered the grey and will order in the black  also.
So this is a gorgeous dress  but it seems to have too many elements. i wish they had left off the white lacy decoration at the neckline because it seems to make the dress more "girly" than "sleek." i am short  so perhaps the multiple design features would be better on a tall woman than on me.
Lovely material and the white is like a milky white which i love. it hangs beautifully  irons well and fits great. i am 5'-6  an a cup  150 lbs and ordered the small. i've already received a lot of compliments on it.
I'm still on the fence about these. i realize they got great reviews but i thought they would be a bit thicker. they just feel too flimsy and too much like i'm ready for bed. i was looking for more lounge pants that i felt like if i needed to run up to the store on a saturday afternoon that i wasn't wearing pjs. i just can't get past that. they are totally cute but i was definitely looking for more summer lounge-wear.    i ordered the small which fit fine. i wear 4-6 in retailer pants. i got the p
Cloth & stone has to be one of the best brands at retailer! they consistently produce versatile  comfortable and quality pieces time and again. off the shoulder is back and here to stay  and without a doubt  this is one of the best i've tried on. the denim is a perfect  summery shade  but will transition well into fall with some darker denim or black jeans. i am 5'7  shoulders that are neither narrow nor broad  and a little busty - i got a size m and it fits great. i absolutely love my shir
The pictures don't do this dress justice. it is fantastic! the fit is perfect and it is super comfortable while still looking polished. a must have dress!
I just received this dress in the mail today. i ordered an xs and it was huge! there is no way that i could wear a bra without it showing due to the size of the arm holes. i'm 5'2" and 117 lbs with an athletic build for reference. i love free flowing dresses  but this was over the top. i ordered the plaid version in an xs petite and that fit much truer to size. i reordered this in an xs petite to see if that will work better. the dress itself is lovely. the green color is vibrant and the embroid
I love it. the fabric is a heavier denim and it has a nice stretch. being tall i appreciate the length. the sizes run a bit large; i'm usually a 10/12 but the 8 is perfect.
I bought this jacket in the gray and couldn't be happier with it. it is loose fitting but not oversized. it will look great over a dress with boots  or with jeans. very versatile piece.
I thought it was going to be so pretty. it is ugly on. the macrame is thick  stiff and rough. the top fits awkward on top where the macrame is and the rest is shapeless. yuk!
I loved the dress  but just not dressy enough after rethinking what i needed. very easy order and return. thanks!
I love this dress! very comfortable fit  and lots of compliments for the color (moss). took me from the classroom to a cocktail party. one of my best retailer purchases.
This is more beautiful in person. i love the detail and color. i usually don't like ponchos but this one's shape with the square front definitely sets this apart.
This bomber really is superb. it's everything you could want in a jacket. beautiful color that goes with so much (i got the pink) and is so trendy this fall. i am 5'4 and smaller on top so i purchased the small. i didn't want it too baggy but i probably could've sized up to a medium too.
I liked this dress so much in the store - but didn't have it in my size - so had it shipped (and yes  paid shipping costs...) but it just didn't work on my body. the top is sort of poofy for lack of a better word - it made me look kind of poofy all over and really - i am not poofy!   it's a lovely color - and might look terrific on a tall woman - but at 5'3" - not so good - had to return  sadly.
Really striking. even prettier in person. color is beautiful. told my husband this is a half-way-to-christmas present!
I definitely think this may have worked had i tried on a petite-sized version for the length. i was not at one of the stores with the petites. i did feel like at 5'2" the regular size is just too long. i tried a size 4 on with leggings and that didn't look right. the size 4 seemed fine (34b chest  118 lbs). maybe if i had a different pair of pants on but the slits up the sides of the shirt made it look not quite right with leggings. i kept thinking the shorter size would have helped. i really li
I bought a similar shirt from this same manufacturer in blue and i've returned for another. i love it because you can layer it. you can wear this over a colored shirt and the color will show through the designs in the yoke. it looks great with bright colors. yes  it wrinkles easily but i am hoping that it will wrinkle less each time it is washed.
My sales assistant/style consultant watched the dresses i had collected to try on  and how they fit  and she brought this dress in  with a silk cocoon wrap for me to try on. i took one look on the hanger and made an assumption it would be too snug  highlight every bump  and i could not have been more wrong! this dress is wonderful on! it is the most flattering thing i have now in my closet. you must try this on to see how flattering it is. i am still stunned with how it looked and made me feel.
A sales associate found this for me at my local retailer. i probably would have never thought to try it on. i am 5'1'' and normally a size 8 or a medium. the size small was still too large  so i ordered a size small petite. it fits perfectly  looks adorable on  and is so comfortable. i can't wait for the warm weather to wear it!
This is the softest shirt  super comfy  very baggy but i'd say true to size for the style. it is a bit thin and i'm worried how it will hold up  or would have given the full 5 stars. i'm not a usual fan of the turtle neck but this is so soft  i love it!
Dress was a disappoint. very thin and cheaply made  not worth the money at all. pictures make it look much better than in real life. top area is also made small so if you are busty  this is not the dress for you.
In the picture it looked to be a structured blazer  but when i tired it on (i got an extra small) and it was too big.
This top is flowy and feminine. the pink is slightly more vivid than pictured online but is still a beautiful  soft pink (definitely not red). i was afraid the shape would be unflattering on my not-so-skinny figure but it's not. it's baggy all over  and there's plenty of room in the arms. note that dark pants/skirts will show through the fabric  so i like the shirt better with an untucked cami/tank top underneath it (so the gorgeous neckline isn't disturbed but the pink color runs true throughou
This sweater is a lovely color and very soft. however  the sweater 'sheds' terribly and the color is very large distracting from the overall appearance. it's also thin and whatever shirt is worn underneath will show through.
Unfortunately this dress ran very large on me (please no more vanity sizing!) and minimized what few curves i have. my store didn't have this in petite so i tried a regular xs - the neckline was low and there were at least 4 inches of space at the waist. it also flares out quite a bit  you can see this in the catalog shot. while this wasn't flattering on me  it may work better on curvier figures.
How can you go wrong with soft cotton top that is neither too snug nor too loose? expect will wear these as layers under when really cold and by them selves in early spring and in the fall. great colors and love the multiple textures.
The horizontal lines on the skirt and top gives the wearer and very nice dress. i am short so i got the 6 petite and it fits perfectly. the fabric is thick and stretchy.
I received this product and love the color and sheen of it. it is not too flashy  and would work great as a dress to an event day or night with the right accessories. i am about 5'7 and 115 lbs  and usually wear a size 0 in dresses. the size 0 fit  but was a little loose. if they had a 00 it probably would have been too small though. you definitely cannot bend over in this dress because it is too short  but i didn't feel it was inappropriately short otherwise. it flares out just slightly on the
Can't go wrong with these new charlie's by cartonnier. they fit amazingly. the fabric is a textured cotton but doesn't seem to wrinkle. just shook them out of the bag yesterday. the fabric description says cotton and spandex so they have some give (just a little) but are not going to stretch out after wearing for an hour. paired it with all sorts of different tops. side zip is slimming. lined pockets. substantial fabric. nothing bad to say. if you haven't tried a pair of charlies you should. you
This precious skirt is a treasure chest of soft bronze fabric circles scattered like coins at the bottom of a fountain. the circles are a bronze color and cannot be felt through the skirt net. it's finely finished and simply a nice piece for dinner out or a day in the office. i received many compliments on my first wearing.
I'd been eyeing this dress since i first saw it in the dress catalog when it came out. when i saw it in person  it was just as beautiful as i remembered! i'm about 140 lbs and usually wear a size s or m  but i tried the s on and decided to size down to an xs  because the linen flowy fabric lays a bit wide when on the body; however  the s would have worked  too! i'd say size down if you prefer your clothes a tiny bit more fitted. the fabric is beautiful and lightweight  even though there is more
I ordered my usual size-small. it is perfect because it has enough room to fit a thin shirt or turtleneck underneath when the weather is cooler. the material is very soft. looking forward to a lot of wear out of this vest.
Based on other reviews that this top ran large  i ordered this online in two sizes. both seemed to fit alright in my chest (although the chest fit tighter in the smaller size)  and both were much too big on the bottom. the front bottom of this shirt has a series of pleats  so the bottom of this top really  really  really flared out away from my hips. the length seemed fine on me (5'10"). the material is very thin  and i could see my nude bra through the white pattern.
I loved the way this shirt looked when i tried it on in the store buto when i got home i realized it's extremely sheer. you can't wear a white bra with it  for example because it will show through. taking it back.
I was so excited for this to arrive. at the end of last summer  my favorite shirt (you know the kind - dresses up or down with ease - it's your go to for work or a night out with friends) was ruined and i have been searching for the perfect replacement. i thought that this would be a good contender  but i was ever so disppaointed when i opened the bag...    firstly  the base color is not accurately represented in the photograph - in person its more of a peachy off-whte instead of white. still pr
I am a huge fan of pilcro pants  and was so excited to see them make a pair of vegan leather pants. the idea is great - leather in the front  fully stretchy fabric in the back to give a fitted but comfortable look. however  i couldn't get past the way the seams and leather felt on my knees - really stiff and uncomfortable when you start walking around (can't bend the leg all the way; weird creasing and bunching behind the knee). the fit was perfect everywhere else. sadly  these had to go back :(
I've been searching for a pretty and unique "party top" and thought this was it. it is beautiful and unique but much too cropped for me and i'm only 5'3". sadly i had to return. maybe would be more appropriate on someone younger
I've been looking for a dress to wear to wedding this summer  and this is it. the blue color is lovely and the lace overlay is feminine and pretty. i'm small busted (34aa) with an athletic lower body (think  120-lb marathoner)  and the flare of this dress is perfect. i ordered this in a 0 and a 0 petite. the petite size looked little-girl short; the regular size hit just at my knee and was much more sophisticated. the waistband also fell at a more flattering place in the regular dress. i'm on th
I wish this shirt would not have had so much material. it would make a great maternity top! if you are really thin  it might work for you too.
I'm not sure what it is with ag. i own at least a dozen pairs of their jeans  in blue  black and white denim. i wish i could say they're all great  but unfortunately there's a big variation in how they wash  depending on the fabric content. i just purchased these because i love the lighter wash for spring  but after washing them once i can see they won't be a favorite pair. even with cold water and hanging them to dry  the fabric bunches weirdly and the shape of the leg changes. at this price po
Just got these jeans last week. love the quality  which is typical of pilcro jeans. i usually have to get a tall size  being 5'10"  however they sold out quickly. so i decided to order the regular inseam in my usual size. they fit great. since they are more of a boyfriend jean  they don't fit too snug. so i'm able to get away with the regular inseam. i'm usually a 26-27 tall  and the 27 regular works. love the cuffs and rise in the jeans. i've worn with booties  heels...and am waiting for warm w
Although $$$$$ i want to support usa products and am so glad retailer continues to add these options .i also decided to splurge with family coming home for the holidays  a way to stay in pajamas but still look dressed. i am only 5'2" and these were just longer than capri length  more like the close-up view online. to get them ankle length you would have to push them way down on your hips  not sure how the tall model did that! i am 106 lbs and considered exchanging the xs for an s  these run
I loved the beautiful print! the sleeves were beautiful as well and added a unique quality to the shirt. i also liked the longer length of the shirt. i ordered online and kept it!
I love this top because it is light weight (a must in southern heat). i have a shorter torso so the length didn't bother me but someone with a longer torso may find this top too short.
I did not like this top at all-but had i looked at the fabric prior to purchasing i would not have. it is polyester-i thought it was cotton so there's the first reason i didn't like it. secondly  there is a piece of fabric behind the laces  presumably for modesty that refuses to lay flat. it wrinkles up behind the lacing  making it appear as if one is wearing an undershirt or cami that is not appropriate for the top. it is too long for me  the top hitting at top of thigh.  this top is just reall
I love ag jeans. i own several pair  and i think they wash well  and wear well. that being said  i'd never purchased a pair of the "stevie" cut before. they have the same quality one would expect from ag  and i like that the ankles aren't true skinny jeans  but have a little width. it's more on-trend for this season. for me  the issue was more with the color. i order pink. when they arrived  they were beautiful in the little plastic bag. my heart skipped a beat. hooray! cute new jeans! except  w
Dear retailer & designers:  just want a nice dress that isn't made from polyester! don't mind paying bigger bucks for quality fabrics  but please- enough of the polyester!   love   your customers
The cut of the bodice is very strange and unflattering. it is great quality  but designed poorly. returned it.
This dress is comfortable and cute. i wear xs and this is true to size. the only thing i don't like is the neckline. it is very low cut. will have to wear a cami underneath.
I am normally a size 8 in dresses and bought this in a small. so if you are a smaller person  this would likely be a bit loose on you. the color was odd. i liked the navy blue  but the pink was a pepto bismol colored pink. i just felt like i would get sick of the color/pattern after one wear. the fit is cute and comfy.
This shirt runs big  it's very long. material is very pretty and it is lined. i am keeping it for that spontaneous need to wear something sparkly...dinner party maybe?
This is the softest  most perfectly cut basic. love the black  wish the white was a true white or ivory instead of heathered. as usual with retailer basics  i prefer the regular length despite being petite with a short torso.
I debating this dress for a long time. i just was hesitant because it is very form fitting. i think this dress runs true to size. after reading other reviews  i was debating ordering a 6 (i'm normally an 8). and i am glad i went with the 8. it is form fitting. the material is just absolutely beautiful and not stiff. it is a bit thicker  which will be nice in the fall. colors are true to the pictures shown and length falls as shown on model.
I ordered this dress in oatmeal the minute i saw it online. i'm 5'5 and 115 lbs. and my usual xs fits perfectly. i would say this dress will be the most flattering on a long lean body type. (it will show bumps and bulges.). i will wear it asap with booties and a jacket. and it also looks great with flip flops or sandals for the summer. very happy!
So disappointed! i couldn't even get it on. definitely order a size up!
Cute staple in classic style overall.  fabric weight is good  will be able to get by with nude bra.  many wardrobe options with this staple.
Long-time ag jeans fan. lately though  i'm finding the material is much too stretchy. i wanted a good pair of jeans. if i wanted pajama jeans  i would've ordered them. i found the same thing with the steve capris i ordered (same review there).  so back both pairs went.   it's a shame because the color was as pictured and just what i wanted. if only they had been made out of actual jeans material.
Ok. love this top. i'm 5'4 106 34b and the 0 reg fits perfect on the top half. i am going to have the waist taken in because i love the top. it is very short. i usually need a petite but the regular is just barely long enough. i thought it was red and white but it is red and beige. great with jeans or navy for work.
I wanted to love this top. it was huge and i didn't like the material. it felt like it should have been much less expensive than it was.
The fit of this sweater did not flatter my body-type. the top half did not fit well; the armpit area was loose fitting and the neckline was awkward.
Absolutely perfect staple top to have in your wardrobe. fits very nicely. not see through at all. highly recommend this top.
When i tried them on  i didn't want to take them off! they are so soft  so stylish  they drape your body just the right way  they are stretchy  so even though i am wearing 30 in jeans  i took s regular! run hone and tried it on with moss cowled side-zip tunic  2 different booties and aquaflora reversible vest  all variations and combos looked really cool and great! i even tried with high heeled booties and dressier sweater top (warm-up pullover in charcoal)  looked like high couture! the color i
Soft fabric  the blue is a nice color  rich. the drape effect is very flattering on the body. the length of the regular xs was fine on me  i often get petite but would not need it in this case. could wear this with jeans or dress it up with a nice skirt. good basic.
This is well made and beautiful  but it sometimes slides off so i feel like i'm adjusting it somewhat regularly.
Based on other customer reviews  i ordered these trousers expecting a lightweight cropped pant that would be appropriate for spring and especially summer. however  the fabric is much heavier than what i'd usually wear in the summer . the cut of the trousers were superb though - i like a low-rise or hipster cut which these are.  they are fitted and not oversized like many of the other retailer items i buy  so if you are an xs these will be xs (or runs small for retailer clothing) if you like your clo
The photo of this dress does not do it justice. this dress is absolutely gorgeous. the construction is very high quality. i always worry about peekaboos with button front dresses as i am very busty. total non-issue with this dress. the petite fit is also spot on. it is slightly large in the back bodice for me  but i always have that problem. it's an easy tailoring fix.  i think i'm in love with byron lars <3
I used to walk by this dress  thinking not much of it. but one day i realized it had a bow which im a complete sucker for. tried it on. fell in love. tried on the 4 and 6 - went with the 4  runs tts. if the dress is too large  the bow flips down and you can see too much gaping between your back and the dress. somewhere between a shift and a sheath is this silhouette. with my hair pinned up in a teased out japanese bun and great black heels  my valentine date fell for this dress too. he said it r
Great summer skirt  can be dressed up or down. the band top is weird  but you don't have to style it as pictured. i may get the top hemmed down the road.    i have a 32 waist and got a size large.
Very comfy and light. can be casual with jeans and boots or dress it up with a nice necklace and pencil skirt.
I really had high hopes for this dress. i had several issues with it  though based on the high ratings other customers did not experience the same problems.   1- it was to short. i am 5'8" and it was really really short on me. i could not sit down in it.   2- i found that it ran large. i've lost some weight recently  so perhaps i've gone down a size  but the medium was like a sack on me.   3-the waist was really roomy. it ballooned out to the point that it was comical.   4- as others have noted 
Highly recommend this top. received lots of compliments on the day that i wore. recommend wearing with a tank top.
These were perfect in the legs  nice and stretchy  but problematic in the waist. i'm generally a 31/size 12  but i had to squeeze to get them to close. they've already gone back. if you have a tinier waist they'd probably be fine.
I tried this on in my regular size and was able to get it on fine  but the cup portion of the suit was just crazy! with the straps tied tightly around my neck  it was like the cups just flipped out and open. i am a regular b cup  and i don;t think it was sizing (though i did not have the opportunity to try multiple sizes). the cup did not right and  for this reason  would make this absolutely impossible to wear. unfortunate  because the design is so pretty.
I would really like this dress if the material were a little thicker. it's really thin so you can see my nipples straight through the dress. you can't wear a bra with it because it is backless so i don't understand how you are supposed to wear this outside of the house.
I so wanted to keep this sweater but the invisible metallic threads that give the sweater its crinkled appearance are super scratchy and irritating. it definitely requires a long sleeved top to prevent the irritation as shown in the online photo. it is lightweight and i planned to wear it over sleeveless summer tops/dresses. i have averaged size arms and there was plenty of upper arm room. in fact extra room is designed into the sleeves. one plus for those with upper arm fit concerns. the lower
I love relaxed-fit wide leg pants with some pockets and draw string  so naturally i was super excited to see these. i got them in gray and they felt and looked perfect right out of the bag  material was soft and flowy but not too thin. unfortunately the sizing is completely off unless i got a defective pair  i got my usual size l and they felt like s or smaller  i barely could get them on and i could not zip up. i'd need at least two sizes larger for them to fit at all. very disappointed  will l
I likded this but tried it in two sizes and it was still too big in the armpit. my bra showed. i am about a d cup  smallish in other proportions (125  5'6") and no bra worked with this so that i wouldn't have to worry about my bra showing. nice fabric and drape. maybe good for someone who doesn't need a bra?
For those of you that don't care for stretch jeans you would probably like these. they feel like 100% cotton but better. no stretch at all which i'm glad. i'm not a fan of the stretch. to me these are those comfy go-to jeans. i got my usual size 28 which i perfer in these because i can use the pockets with ease. the pockets are lower side pocket which are great! you will likely need to hem them unless you are pretty tall. i hemmed mine and you can't tell it. i'm not sure how much these could be
I love maeve dresses and have always gotten a lot of wear out of them while still looking great. this dress does not meet those standards. on the 2nd wear of this dress the zipper completely broke. i had to take it to a dry cleaner to get replaced at a pricey cost for a pricey dress  i'm dissapointed.
I love this dress. i'm 6' so it's a tad bit shorter than what shows on the model. it stops right at my ankles  which i'm okay with. it's a heavier fabric so it's maybe not good for those really hot  humid days. all-in-all it is super flattering on my hourglass figure. for reference  i'm a 38dd and normally wear a large in dresses at retailer. i ordered the large.
Adorable top  but it runs very small. i usually take a 4  but thought it may shrink up so i ordered a 6. it was a bit tight through the bust (34a)  so i sent it back for an 8.
This is a great staple top for your closet. its tremendously soft  a bit oversized  and drapes really lovely. in store there were also striped styles available  but i love the emerald green. the colors are absolutely perfect and will transfer well into any season! my only issue with this top (which inevitably is the reason i decided not to purchase) is the dolman sleeve. i'm al xl on top...so i'm never looking for extra width in anything i wear. the dolman sleeve really only looks right on me if
This shirt is beautiful. it is flowy and light  a perfect piece for transitioning from winter to spring. however  do not follow the washing instructions on the tag. it says you can machine wash  tumble dry low  and despite going one step further and washing on my gentle cycle in cold water and drying it on extra low  it came out of the wash so small that a child could barely wear it. it went from being a tunic to an inappropriate crop top i will never wear again. if you do order  please take the
I really wanted to like this since i've purchased previous byron lars dresses and have never not been complimented on them. however  the picture on this one is misleading. the colors are extremely bright  which on my pale skin makes me look washed out. for example  the border on the collar is actually more hot pink where in the picture here it appears almost white. the brightness and business just didn't work on me. that being said it still fit like a glove. 5'11 and 145 pounds and the size 4 wa
I bought this online so didn't realize that the fabric at the bottom is very  very stiff. i was expecting something silky  or at least on the softer and more moveable side. the best description i can think of is an overly starched mens dress shirt. that being the case  it kind of juts out in weird places. the sweater part is very nice  but it is somewhat closer fitting than what it seems in the picture. the fabric bottom is too ample for the slimmer design of the sweater which just adds to the o
This dress is huge. i am normally a l-xl regular in retailer brands. i love a loose  flowy dress. after trying one on in the store (just a random returned petite xl) i ordered the petite medium. and it was still huge and not flattering. so sad. i wanted to love this- loved the material and colors  but way off.
This sweater is really cute  great fit and unique style. unfortunately the ivory color was more yellow than i like. not the right shade for my skin tone.
So cute  warm and fashionable. i ordered a size down and it fit like i was in a sausage casing. gave that size to my daughter and i will order my usual size. the arms are small and the rest is true to size. love the quality softness and style of this. with a hood  for the win!
Such a cute and comfy dress to wear. colors are vibrant just as they appear in the picture. the m fit was better for me than the small. ( 5'7'  140lbs for reference.) it's such a great dress to throw on and go. love it!
I bought these for a trip to the caribbean. i sweat a lot. if you have ever been humiliated by having a ring of sweat around your crotch area  then i do not recommend these shorts in the moss color. this color and fabric do not camouflage sweat. i will spare you the photos.
This definitely works for you - think fabric  great quality  and i'm 25 weeks and i think i'll be able to use this to the end. got my normal-ish size. would never have kept this if i wasn't pregnant  cause you can definitely accommodate a pregnancy (or maybe go down two sizes if not). this is not my first baby either! love for my pregnancy.
The details on this top are absolutely gorgeous  from the lace  to the sequins  to the rhinestones! that said  the details are not overpowering  yet more subtle. can't wait to wear this over the holiday season. sure to get tons of compliments!!
I wanted to love this but if you carry your weight in your hips  butt or thighs this is not the dress for you. runs tts. i'm 5'5  135 lb and the small fit but made my lower half look even wider than what it it. also felt like it was a bit too long in length.
Overall this top is very cute. it needs to be ironed before you can really judge it's cuteness! the sleeves are short and feature gold toned plastic buttons. for the price of the shirt  i thought the buttons looked cheap.
I purchased this shirt in white and black. the white is more ivory-isn  and is a bit thin/see through. the shirts can be worn with jeans  or dressed up with a skirt. i just wish it was a little more form fitting. i do like the hint of stretch in the fabric! very comfortable as well!
This looked fabulous on the model  of course  and i love sweater dresses. but even in an xs  i was drowning in fabric and looked ludicrous. concept is good but execution went terribly wrong somewhere. a definite return.
Agree with other reviewers: this runs narrow in the skirt. the top is also quite low-cut  and it's already lined so i can't see wearing a cami or slip. i like the black-and-white print and the shape  and might have tried a size larger in the store. finally  it's an awkward  unflattering length. i'm 5'4" and it hit below my knee.
I am mad for plaid--this dress is my new favorite!! why? i'll tell you!! the picture online does not do it justice  but you must add a belt. the dress is cut lower in the front  but has a great stitch to keep it from gaping open over my d cup chest. the material is soft and breathable. the xsp was perfect for my 5'2" frame  my typical size.
Usually wear s and xs  tried this in s at store but the sides were still lumpy after zipping the size zipper up. if i tried xs it would have looked better but may be bit too tight. the sides of the arm holes were also cut very low. it also has a dusty grey sheen to it that makes it look like old velvet in a bad way. two layers  green on outside  and a polyester beige layer underneath.  but definitely a showpiece that can be paired with a short jacket.
Overall  i was pleased with this dress. i didn't love how the front wrap transitioned to the back. it is comfortable and versatile... it can be dressed up or down.
But like other reviewers said  it looks nothing like the picture of the model. i am 5'3" and 110 lbs  i usually wear an xs in maeve and i ordered the xs petite - the straps are not adjustable so the top part of the dress is up too high and then there is just so much material  it looks like i'm 6 months pregnant. and i usually love loose dresses like this  but the way this falls really does make you look like you are hiding a sack of potatoes. so bummed  because the material is beautiful and i lo
I was so excited about this top  super cute and fit perfectly but as soon as i washed it (cold  hand wash  air dry) it shrunk! now it is too short and tight. i did not expect the material to shrink so very disappointed.
While the fabric  embroidery and sizing are dead on  i just couldn't deal with the shiny little mirrors that the designer embellished this shirt with. that detail is not apparent in the photographs and i felt lessened the versatility of this blouse. so  it must go back to retailer.
These are my first paige cords/pants and they seem to run much smaller than the other brands i wear. i'm normally a 32 in all other brands but with these the waist is pretty tight. i do love the length (i'm 5'9 and they are plenty long.) i also love the bell/flare. i'm not sure what makes this brand so much more expensive as the quality though nice seems comparable to cheaper brands.
I like this top  but it does not fit me correctly. i am 5'1"  and have a larger bust  34 c. this shirt fits in the length  but is tight in the bust. i would have to buy this in a medium. i normally wear an xs or s. the quality is better than most t shirts  and i ordered the red. the red is a deep and striking color  and one of the better reds i've seen this season. the biggest problem i had was the cut of the shirt. the top cuts in and doesn't provide coverage  my bras are not covered by this to
This dress runs a bit small. the large arm holes were unflattering to my small chest. also  this dress seemed to make my belly protrude. it kind of made me look pregnant in a way that no other dress has! i could see this dress being flattering on someone with a very flat stomach or a large chest. not me!!
I followed the advice of the other reviewer and went 2 sizes up  i'm so glad that i did. i'm usually an 8 and i ordered a 12 and they are just right. the pleats made them very flowy in the hip  so it gives a little wider look on me than i really want  but i really love these shorts  so it's not a deal breaker. overall  i am happy with them  but definitely size up!
The dress is adorable and has a very nice fabric and a slip that goes underneath. it was just too big for me even as a swing dress.
I bought these on a whim on mother's day when i was out shopping. i didn't try even try them on at the store. i got them home and couldn't believe how great they fit and how comfortable they were. the length is perfect for me. not too long or too short. they did stretch out a bit upon wearing them but i like the comfortable  relaxed look. i washed and dried them in the dryer. they came out perfect. i bought the coral color. will be buying more as it is hard to find shorts that work for me. i rec
I was very excited to find this jumper in a store to try on. the small was huge (im 5'8  130lbs)  the xs was better but perhaps a bit short in the upper body  making it feel tight/stretched against my shoulders. i love the print and style  and would have bought it if it was $100 less. however  at the current price  it needs to fit perfectly  which sadly it did not.
I bought this dress at the sale and love it! very retro inspired and pretty. however  because of the placement of the zipper with the ribbons  it's hard to zip up. i had to size up to a 12 for this problem alone.
I thought this dress looked gorgeous on the model. so floaty and light. when it came  i found it to be the exact opposite. the hem is so heavy and laid on me like a potato sack. it had way too much material at the bottom and weighed me down unfortunately.
I always chuckle when i see this dress because it looks so busy and so crazy with all the mixed prints  i think it's a lot of fun. not so fun to put on  but it's worth the trouble. i swear my shoulders are sore after manipulating this on myself. i also own the mona dress in 8p  but i had to size down to a 6 for the melodist because the hips were not fitted enough and the back bloused out too much.
Didn't like at all. itchy fabric  looked good on model but on on busty girl.
Ignore the nutty negative review because this sweater is beautiful and really looks like a hand knit sweater. the quality is excellent  with two side pockets that are lined. it's really soft and so comfy and thick. just perfect for my southern ca evenings all year long.   so comfy you can wear it as a robe!  looks just like the photo; i got the m/l and it fits like an extra large  which i like in a bulky cardi.  super gorgeous! what a steal at the sale price.
Love these.  i bought the grey which is a grey/taupe/light olive chameleon.  totally depends upon what i wear with them.  the rolled up cuff is adorable and the material is perfect.  the fit is true to size - tight but not restrictive.  comfy all day long.   and best of all  they don't stretch out over the day.   i'm 5'10  a size 6 normally and a size 28 fit me perfectly.
Yes  like the photo suggests  this piece has a lot of the features of a jacket. but  i bought it to also wear as a dress. let me explain...    fyi: 36c  broad shoulders/back  high waist  dress/top size 10 (without buttons  etc.) or 12 (fitted at the bust and waist)  bottom size 6 (upside down triangle)  5'2"    i bought the small in this piece  because it is big enough to wear as a light jacket while also being fitted enough to wear as a dress. on the inside of the piece  there are strings that
I love this dress so much  very detailed and comfortable. looks great with the pilcro vest.
I really wanted to love it but it was way too maternity on me. i love flowy but the flow on this dress hit me in all the wrong places. but i must say i have a 34ddd bust and wear a medium regularly. well i sized down and ordered a small and it just didn't work. it just flowed right off my chest to what looked like a dress concealing a baby bump. overall its cute just not for me.
I had hoped this blouse would be white - but it is cream in color. it was also more boxy than i thought it would be. i am usually a 4 or a 6 and went with the 6. a size 4 would be a better fit.
What i like about this is the yellow color peeking through the white  it makes the tank look sunny/happy.  soft tank  fabric is really comfortable  fit is loose and casual  i was undecided but thought i have so many nice pieces  i don't need this one . xsp was a good fit. i am 115 lbs  30 dd.
I picked this up in the store during the retailer weekend sale. i used to have a similar long black stretchy skirt that i wore until it fell apart. things i really like about this skirt are that it's basic black  but has some interest in the small swiss dots in the top layer  and it's stretchy. the yoga-pant-waistband seems like it will be very comfy and also allows you to adjust the skirt length a little bit  depending on whether/how much you fold it down. it is lined  which is a big plus. i was
This is a great top and it fit me very nicely but it's much longer than it appear to be in the picture. i'm 5'2 and it was more like a tunic than a tank on me. if it were shorter it would be one of my favorite staples i'm sure. if you're very tall i think you will love it.
Love the lattice inserts  makes it feel like you have ventilation which is nice on a hot summer day. i purchased this in grey and in xs. i normally wear m for a looser fit  s for a more fitted look  so i was really surprised that an xs worked for me and was fitted. i haven't worn it since i washed it though. decided to buy the white but in a small  pretty but very see thru. will need to wear a shirt underneath  a little bummed because i liked the breeze! one other comment  this shirt is long! wh
Wow great soft feels great but not too clingy. only thing keeping from 5 start is that it will pill some. the sleeves are not fuzzy so they don't pill but body will/does.
This dress is beautiful - the pattern is pretty and the beading detail is stunning. i immediately received many compliments the first day i wore it. i do think it is a little short so i bought a size up (i also like loose fitting clothing) and i wore it with bare legs and boots and felt ok  will likely add leggings or tights as the weather gets cooler.
This dress had an odd fit. very loose on top with pointy darts  very tight on bottom. fabric was stiff so it didn't move well with me
I was searching for the perfect large comfy sweater for the cold winter weather ahead and i thought this would be it. it looks so cute in the pictures but when i received in by mail it wasn't what i was searching for. this sweater  like on the model  is quite large. although i wanted a large sweater  the fit of this one didn't fit well on me. it has more of a boxy feel to it. i usually wear a medium  but went with a small because i expected this to fit a little large and it still engulfed me. i
I really like the design and colors and the material is so soft and comfy. the top is a little on the short side so wearing a tank underneath is an option if you don't want your stomach to show when you raise your arms.
Love the shape of this top and often look to retailer for corset-style summer tops that are pretty. this top is made from a thick  stiff fabric that doesn't breathe. so my usual size xxs was too constricting. tried an xs also and it basically fit but i still wasn't a fan of the very heavy fabric in a summer top. it's almost like a neoprene. the colors are an odd choice and not my favorite either. i wanted to see in person and they just don't cut it for me. would love in different colors and softer
I really wanted to love this waistcoat. i purchased this online and tried it on as soon as i received it. it runs large  but i should have realized the horizontal stripes sitting on the hips is not a good thing. the fur adds additional bulk where it is not needed  the hip area !!!!. i purchased a small and could have purchase a xs  but i think the problem would still be there in a smaller size. it's going back  but i am disappointed as i really wanted a something a little alternative !!!!!
This top/jacket is less red than it appears in the pictures - more of a wine color (as it is labeled) but it is pretty and the gold details are nice.
There's a reason the model is holding her arms up in all the frontal views. it hides the very weird wide top part of the sleeve that absolutely destroys and distorts an otherwise beautiful blouse. the print is lovely but the fit is very odd. it's pulls at and is very tight through the bust too. i wear medium or large and ordered size large. if you're less well endowed this might be an okay choice for you. but i have to say this blouse made me look overweight and very wide. returned.
I bought this shirt in white and am happy with the fact that it's not too sheer. the back detail is great. my only complaint is that it is too long. i got the small and it fits nicely in the arms and top  but it is much longer on me than on the model. i'm 5'5" tall. it doesn't look great when i do a half tuck  but it looks fine if i tuck it all the way in. maybe an xs would have been a better fit.
Dang  i got a small and was still swimming in it. it's made of the fabric that increasingly seems to be the fabric of choice for all things t-shirty- soft and thin-ish  a bit translucent. i'd rather wait for something more formfitting and flattering- back it went.
I love the feel and quality of these pants  however  they ran super big! they would not stay up around my waist  unfortunately.
Ugh  i hate that this didn't work! the top shoulder/sleeve portion is so pretty and unique  but the fabric is overall this and cheap feeling  the length is too short for how flowy the shirt is (the sides go way up on me). the fabric feels like something that would fall apart after one wash. back it goes!
I **love** this dress. it's definitely an investment  but well worth the price! i get so many compliments on it every time i wear it  and it can definitely be dressed up or down for casual or formal events.
The fit is a bit loose in the body (more than you can tell on the model) - more like a true swing style top. i feel the arms are a good fit  but i ordered one size up from my normal since i'm planning to wear this as a maternity top. arms are definitely a size smaller than the body. the ruffles at the bottom are a bit odd  but overall i still like it. the cutout notch at the collar is super cute! plus  the green color of this top is lovely and i love that it's made in the usa so i'll be keeping
I ordered size large and find it too boxy and long. love the hem  although the top is too long in this size so it's a bit hard to judge how it'll look in the right size. the sleeves are cute and different  a bit wide and flowing. be warned  it's sheer which is more apparent from the side view. i could clearly see the garment cleaning instruction tag through the bottom side hem. has potential but not enough for me to reorder in a smaller size.
I got the black in a medium. it just made me look wide and i felt frumpy. i think it's the angled wide sides. on me  the design just created bulk. nice substantial fabric but it isn't soft or cozy. back it goes
I bought this top in the black with the dobby 4" shorts in grey and wore them as a set 2 of the 3 days last weekend.  mind you  i am tall  but the neckline is lovely  the smocking creates a nice close drape  and the length and the fullness in the bottom  perfectly offset the short-short concept. got lots of compliments with the 2.   i generally wear a 12 and ordered a medium which was fit nicely with enough room for a wash and dry going forward
Frumpy - looked like a nightgown on me; maybe  better on someone younger ...
I love natural colors and nature themes but this top was a disappointment. i ordered both the small and the xs because retailer can run very large. the small was too big and the xs did not hang correctly  the arms hit at a weird spot and the neckline wouldn't sit right. overall the fit was boxy and unflattering. the fabric is pretty but the style is well....boring. there was just no wow factor for me. i think the fabric deserved a much better design. imho i think this top might be better suited fo
My daughter got this dress in the 10 and i got it in the 6 - we are both tall. also  she's a redhead and got the butterfly version and i'm blonde and got the pink. also  both of us are small-chested - and since there is no give in the fabric  i don't know where one would fit boobs if you have them. one thing i noted (and i am not happy about) is that the back is puckered up along the zipper. this has to be on purpose  and i don't really understand that detail  as it doesn't flatter me and it loo
I took advantage of the summer tag sale and bought a few tops including this one. i've been eyeing this online for quite some time  so i was pretty excited to get it at such a good price. it came in the mail the other day. it's like christmas morning when you see an retailer package at your door  however  this time wasn't so great. the top is fine. average at best. the top fits true to size. maybe it's the pattern or the cut  but it didn't work well on my body. i recommend trying this on first.
I know this is labeled under activewear  but the fabric is a dream  it's incredibly flattering and could absolutely be worn in any outfit! i just bought the moss and may end up getting the other colors too. i generally am a l or xl  and the large fit well. it's alined and has a bit of stretch to it. it's so comfortable! highly recommend!
At 5'4"  i guess i am just too short to pull this dress off! the colors are so pretty for summer  but there is just too much fabric... i felt like i was wearing a giant doily! however  there is not a doubt in my mind that taller girls would look fabulous in this!
The fabric and its texture didn't meet my expectations unfortunately. there were too much fray and cast-off of edge yarns of a fabric...   however this will fit if you wear over the swimming wears.
Unfortunately this one is going back. the fit is very flattering and the underlying layer is very revealing in the back.
Fits true to size  soft material and unique look. the sleeves and overall cut of this shirt are flattering. i was worried it might look boxy or baggy but it didn't at all. the dark gray is a gorgeous color and can be dressed up or down. definitely going to be a staple in my closet.
This should have been cute  but the fabric choice + ruching design made me look like i had elephant skin rippling around my waist -- super unflattering.
Purchased these jeans in a 27 and i am usually a 28 in skinny jeans. i got the 26's on but they were snug. these jeans are so comfy and sit higher on the waist. great jeans!
I really liked this dress in pictures online. i wanted to wear it to work on casual fridays. everything about this dress was a disappointment  especially at this price point. the fit was weird: tight in some places  too loose in others (i'm usually xs or s  i ordered this one is s). it's made out of a fairly thick and warm material  yet the neck area of the dress is more exposed than it appears in pictures  especially in the back  making it awkward to have this very warm dress with neck  upper b
This dress was cute but the fit was not quite right. the bottom half fit well but the top half was a little loose. it was wearable but i was worried after wearing for a few hours it would stretch out even more and look frumpy. like other reviewers have said  this dress really needs a belt to bring it together. i ended up returning it because i didn't love it.
I bought the orange in xxs petite  and the cream in the xsp as it did not come in xxs.    i like a swing style  but this is a tent. the material in the cream is fairly sheer  and i found hanging threads that came from suspect seams. the overall effects was being lost in all the fabric. they rather skew old school maternity in summation. mine are going back.
I love the fabric  texture mix and length of this top. i gave it a four stars because my usual size is a medium but had to go with a large. a medium felt a bit too snug through the shoulders. very happy with this top and look forward to wearing it a lot.
I tried this on at the store  and though it was pretty  i was a little underwhelmed. it fit but had no give so it might not have been too comfortable for movement unless sized up. the embroidered polka dots were a lovely idea  but the quality was not great - they were already fraying and pretty irregular looking. the idea of the top was better than the execution.
This dress you will want to try on in the store. it is very thick and stiff fabric. the whole front is embroidered and the big drawback for me is that waist seam. there is absolutely no give in that waist. this is not stretchy fabric and not easy for just any body type to wear. sad because it is very pretty on the rack!
I hesitated to buy this skirt even though it was love at first sight. i was afraid it would be to heavy  and add weight. i'm so happy i ordered this one  it'll be a closet staple for me. i love skirts  and am blessed to live in a mild climate in california. i can wear it all year long. right now i can pair it with a slim turtleneck tucked in  with high heel boots  or heels  later can pair with crisp white button up tide at the waist  and strappy sandals  or a tank top  and sandals. it goes with
Great tunic!  i get compliments every time i wear it. :)
I am so pleased with this product. it is a great staple for every woman. my one complaint is that it easily pulls.. something to be mindful of when handling the garment.
I was excited to nab this lovely because i am a sucker for a faux layered look. i am usually an xs or s  depending on the designer so i went with xs in this top based on reviews that it doesn't drape well. i barely got my arms into the sleeves. i thought maybe it was a mistake and i received a child's size?  i eventually did get it on but barely got it back off. size up 1-2 for comfort if you have to have this girl. i was bummed my local retailer did not have a m for me to try. returned.  for ref:
Pros: soft  quality top  true to size  and would look great (a little tucked in) and off the shoulder    reality: it will be hard to keep the shoulders from sliding up  and (on me at least) it looked really meh...kind of dumpy.    i'm 5'6"  normally a medium/8  and i bought the medium here...fit was good. it's billowy and accurately displayed in the pictures  so as an hour-glass shaped gal  i'd need to tuck in the front (or all) or accessorize to give it a little shape. i really liked the feel a
Now i would've been scared off by the fabrics had i not seen the cute  flattering cut if this spring top. love the futuristic look of the fabric and style brought back by the rise design throughout. like the previous reviewer claims  this top is even cuter on us non models (who are pry not as washed out). the color combo is another positive because it's both flattering and versatile!
I absolutely loved the patterns and colors of this skirt  if only the cut wasn't so odd. the sides of the skirt "wing out" for a very distracting and unflattering look. the stiff  felt-like quality of the material only makes matters worse. in that respect  the model photos are not at all accurate. it also runs large. i had to go down one full size.
Awful color  horribly wrinkled and just a mess...so disappointed
The image does not show but the front of the dress has a heavy 24" utility zipper hidden with 5 snaps. the zipper pull  when closed  sat right on my collarbone  which was he height of discomfort. it felt heavy and awkward. the dress was very high waisted for me (i'm 5'6" and it was 3" inches above the navel)) also to the point of discomfort.  an invisible side zipper would have made the difference for me if the proportions were better suited for a non-petite sizing.  the fabric is quite beautifu
Love this sweater. super comfy. can wear with everything.
The small  zipped and laid flat  measures 16" across at the bottom of the armholes  11" at the waist and 18" from shoulder seam to bottom edge. it's too small for a size 0  and not by just a little! too bad  because it really is very pretty.
I bought this dress online to wear to work and i did not expect anything too impressive based on the picture of the model. i am really surprised at how beautiful  well-fitting  and soft this dress is. i am in love. it fits snugly  but the fabric is so thick that it is still very office appropriate (i work at a law firm). i ordered the small petite and it comes to the top of my knees.
This top may be labeled as a part of a sleep set but i threw a cami under it  styled it with skinny jeans and a top knot and this became a very effortless/chic so cal look. love that pop of hot pink too! i went up a size for a little extra wiggle room across my shoulders. overall this is a great summer top!
I know you cannot tell from the pictures  but the fabric on this is incredible. it is very light and extremely airy so that it flows when you walk. i am a rather petite individual so it would require excessive tailoring for me to wear this-both in length and in the top. i think it was true to size with this exception-and i wish they offered this in petite. i would have tailored the length if it was only that  but on the top (i am not large-chested) there was a bunch of extra fabric that just lai
The fit is incredible! the print is very subtle  but makes them a little bit edgy and easy to pair with many things i already have in my closet.
I loved this dress when it came out this summer but it quickly became impossible to get. i snagged up this one as quickly as i could when it came out. i don't really love any of the fall colors it was offered in  but for this one - i would say it is much more rust and less orange in person.
I tried this on (blue) in size 0 or xs (not sure how sizing was)  regular size (sometimes i need petite). i don't think i need petite in this one though  i love the peek of lighter solid fabric on the hem  the whole tank is very soft. probably need a strapless bra to wear it  but could be paired with jeans for casual look or nice pants. pencil skirt for dressier look. i am 115 lbs and 30 dd for reference.
Wore this dress for easter dinner and received many compliments. it is delicate and if not careful the diamond pattern can snag. i loved the comfort and ability to dress up or down. i ordered the regular instead of petite as i wanted the length at my knees not thigh high. and it fit perfect at 5'4.
I tried this on in my regular size and a size up. just didn't work in either. the attached slip bunched underneath and the material was rough. i did not purchase it.
This is such an adorable tee. the stripes and lace up details are super cute and on trend. i usually take a xxs and that is what i took in this tee. i tried the xs and at 5"1 and 104 pounds it looked a bit loose and long on me. love this tee and highly recommend this one!
I tried on these pants and was instantly in love. they are very flattering and stylish  but also incredibly comfortable. i am 5' 6"  and the length is perfect to wear with 3" heels. i highly recommend these!
I love this top!! the detail on front top of the top is so cute. the length is just right. i hesitated because of the unusual armhole shape but they are really not an issue. also  thanks for finding the top as it wasn't available at distribution center  went of your way!!
I have a closet filled with black lace dresses but this one is my new favorite! the style is classic with an unexpected yet still elegant twist. i ordered my usual size and found it to run a little on the small side  especially in the waist. this is one dress you need to have in your closet. if you are in between sizes i would suggest going up one size.
Swing dresses are the holy grail of comfort. whatever's going on underneath doesn't matter because you're all arms and legs and billowy fun and this dress doesn't disappoint. beautiful  light and silky fabric with a pattern and color palate that can easily work all spring  summer and into the fall with some layers. a great  unique dress!
Very well made and would flatter the right body type. i sized up to a medium (normally size 6)  but the front part where the wrap came together did not cover me. the only thing you could see was the grey liner. i'm not sure this one was not sewn incorrectly  or it ran terribly small. i have had success with bailey 44 in the past so maybe this one was just not for me. the quality of the fabric and design are well done.
I've had this jacket for a few weeks and it has been a terrific transition piece for the spring. this is a lightweight layering piece without any lining. it works well as a topper for cooler morning temps and you can still wear it later in the day without perspiring through it. i bought it in the olive color  which works with just about everything and the xs was tts (for reference-5'4 116 lbs.). the fit is slightly boxy with a nice swing and drape in the back. for those concerned about the back
If you're tall  this dress sits up too high-waisted and this makes your waist look big. it's also kind of thin material on top and stretchy  so even though i'm small chested it made my shoulders and chest look large  but not on a good way. in other words  this dress made me look fat. the length is not bad for taller gals. all in all  not worth it.
Beautifully made  well constructed and kangaroo pouch gives it character. turtleneck is very low  sweater is very appealing. great buy  especially when on sale.
I love panties. i love the prettiest  softest  most adore-worthy panties i can find. these are my favorite boy shorts--i can always put them on and feel pretty. no weird tight spots and the lace has a perfect amount of stretch. im a mom and my body isn't perfect anymore  but these panties give me confidence  with perfect coverage. i choose them more often than any other in my lingerie drawer. my only warning: wash these pretties as delicates  or the lovely lace colors will fade.
This dress is beautiful and unusual. i think the colors shown in the picture are a little brighter than the dress i bought...the turquoise and gold seem slightly more muted in person  which isn't necessarily a bad thing. there are sequins along the shoulders of the dress that you also can't see in the picture  but they aren't gaudy or too stevie nicks-bohemian. i didn't find the bodice of the size m too tight as another reviewer noted...it's' my normal size  and though i'm a little chesty (32-34
This shirt fits true to size. i love the cut of the shirt which adds some edge to a basic tee. i know i will wear this all the time throughout the fall and winter months. perfect to wear as is or layer with cardigans  jackets and scarves in cooler weather.
I really like the pattern and the cut of these pants. the fabric is nice  too. however  i was disappointed how much they stretched out the first (and only) time i wore them. i am 5'6" and about 150 lbs. i ordered size 10; i am going to try to exchange them for a size 8 since they stretched so much.
I love this tunic! with that said the reason i only gave 4 stars over all was because the material wasn't what i was expecting. it's more like a thin sweater like material  with raw edge which normally is fine but i do worry about how long this will last. the design and colors are lovely! i have worn it with leggings and cropped jeans and it looks fantastic! great summer top/dress/tunic!
I have had this shirt for a little over a month. i've wore it maybe 3-5 times and there is a small hole in the middle of the sleeve on my shoulder. it's not even on a seam  so i can't fix it. i expect much better quality from retailer. don't buy this. the quality is very disappointing. which is really unfortunate because this is a very nice fitting shirt and goes well with pencil skirts.
I tried this on in a different retailer a couple of weeks ago... ....tried on a different one last night..same size and it looked baggy  sleeves way too long  etc.  let me add that i am usually a xs/s petite but some regular extra smalls will work also.  this was a xs reg.  even the sa could see that one looked like it fit smaller ( i showed her the photo in my phone) while this one swallowed me.  bottom line  you will need to try this one on as the sizes seem to vary.
This jacket feels like quality and has beautiful detailing. one thing to note though  the proportions are a little odd - it is cut very high in the back (at the waist) and the sleeves seem over-long.
I disagree with the other reviews...the colors on this dress are great. bright against the black and the studs are super cute. and the ties at the cuff are a cute touch. fun dress. i think it's as fitted or not as you want. drives me crazy when people get hung up on their "size" to judge clothes. go up or down if it doesn't fit the way you want. i like it to flow a little so i sized accordingly.
Wasn't sure about this but got the xs/s on sale. the style is very wide and is longer on me than pictured. somehow it works because it drapes nicely from my shoulders. should be comfy to wear in the summer. the two i received are a deep turquoise and will pair nicely with some of my favorite jewelry.
I disliked this dress. it didn't fall on me the way it falls on the model pictured. i think it would work well for tall  thin women with a smaller chest. i am petite with a larger chest  and it accentuated my chest in an unflattering way and managed to make me look frumpy at the same time. not recommended for petite women.
Bought this for my brother's wedding and i just received it. i ordered my usual size xs. it's a tightly woven knit  with little to no stretch in it. i could barely get it over my head and my arms could barely fit in the sleeves. and i don't have big arms at all. for reference  i'm pushing 5'7"  around 125 lbs. i'm glad it's so structured because i was worried that it would lose it's shape with this material make-up. but  no. it's really fitted. alas  i need to try again with the next size up. ma
I'm: 34a  125 lbs  5'8"  purchased: small    jacket fits well and is not too heavy. didn't feel tight in the arms. great to wear on a cool spring day! i bought the white and grey jacket.
After trying several sizes  including petite and regular  i am sad to return this dress. the regular sizes were too long on me (i am 5'4") and although the petite fit me just a little short  the biggest issue was how tent like it fit me. i wanted it to look like it does on the model but i just couldn't get the fit. usually i have great luck with cloth & stone.
I love the color  which is eye popping without being gaudy. i am 142lbs  5' 4" and got size 4. it goes beautifully on my slightly brown skin. the length is just above the knee and the fold of the dress in the front adds that extra touch of oomph. it does have wide arm holes so a bra  even a strapless one  could be tricky  although it wasn't a gaping hole for me. i think i could wear it over a green bikini-like halter bra and take care of the arm issue.
Overall construction/craftmanship of skirt is poor- the dots were sewn in on the seam- some dots didn't lay flat on side by seam- looked like some dots were missing around the top part of skirt in back- ( very disappointed in the quality from retailer- my last 3 or so orders have been similar complaints with their items- sad!!!)
I wanted this sweater to work but sadly it failed. first  the pink was way to sheer for my liking. the sheerness caused a weird color overlap on the stomach area. then the band at the bottom was too tight causing a weird ballooning affect. a shirt underneath could work but it takes away from the beauty of the knit. the soft pink is gorgeous but not good for medium to light skinned folks.
Love the color and the design. it is slightly see-through which i don't like but it still works wotb a nude bra. very comfortable!
Perfect fall top! extra long sleeves perfect for keeping the chill off.
Obsessed with these pants. i have them in the green color and was looking for them to go on sale ! great fit very comfortable
Bought this in the white. i found it to run narrow in the shoulders and tight in the biceps. i typically vacillate between a m and l  and because of the two aforementioned factors i went with the large  which means overall the shirt is very billowy on me in the chest area and hangs very long. ---------- the fabric is soft  and the weight of this shirt is season-less; always a plus. it is not sheer by any means  but if you have a tattoo (like i do) you will be able to see it. --------- quality is
I bought this dress in an xs  and am 5'4"  115 lbs  and fairly proportional. the shoulders were snug  but the hips (and maybe waist)were at least 2-3x too big. comically so-- the fabric stood away from my body like wings on each side.
I was very excited about ordering this top as i'm tall girl (6 ft) and i like my back well covered. i liked both style and design of the top on photo but when the package arrived i was very disappointed with the material. this top is incredibly thin and see through. though fabric is nice and soft  it feels more like a pajama top. all curves & bumps immediately stand out and it doesn't look flattering. i ordered 2 colors grey and black size large and returned both  although they were true to size
This sweater was not as featured in the picture. the front is completely cropped while the back is regular length. the front barely reached the middle of my stomach. also  the color was not as vibrant as shown in the picture. this sweater will be going back.
Not flattering if your have large top. made well and very cute for thin no boob person
I got this jacket in the gray. the fit is amazing and it is soooooo comfortable. i love that it is a bit less structured - but still looks polished.
I wanted to love this shirt and thought i would based on the reviews. it runs really large however and while i love how flows it is i also looked pregnant. i am keeping though- looks nice layered under a jacket or sweater but alone i feel it looked sloppy and big....... which is sometimes just what you want so it is staying in my closet.
This is the cutest cardigan. i purchased it in the red. i wish there were more colors
The fabric is very soft and the fit is formed to the body. low cut  so may want to pair with a cami. great basic for work!
I anticipated receiving this skirt as i love a longer pencil skirt and this looks beautiful. i opened it  tried it on  sent it back...it is well made but has too many negatives. first  it is very thick. i ordered size 6 (5'2"  140 lbs.). the size was good  but it is so thick that it adds lots of extra fluff around the waist and abdomen. it is also very stretchy and fits in an unflattering way. finally  and most importantly  it has a back and front vent and both are vented all the way up to the c
Good structure and quality; a bit large and wish i had ordered something a bit brighter! (i ordered the white tee.)
I really wanted to like this dress  but it just didn't suit me. i have others in a similar style  and they are a bit tight in the bust but not too much for me. the print is adorable - very quirky  but subtle. in the end  it's the bright white that doesn't work for me. it made me look incredibly pale.
I have been looking for flares that are not tight through the thigh and these are definitely them...but for me they were so long that to hem them would ruin the style of the pants. i'm 5'5 and have long legs but i would need a high heel to maintain the intended style  and that's not what i was looking for. otherwise  beautiful.
This sweater/jacket looks just like the photo in real life  but the inside is so scratchy. i physically recoiled when trying it on as the interior of the sleeves feels like sandpaper. unlined and uncomfortable. no thank you!  should you choose to proceed  i found the fit tts. i'm 5'8  wear an 8/10 and the medium worked for me.
Sometimes i feel like i have to try on the dresses that sell out super fast  just out of curiosity. and sometimes  they're surprise hits  like this one. i tried on the purple/black/blue option  and i had to have it. it is boxy through the torso  but the length keeps it from being too cutesy--it's pretty short. i'm just 5'5"  and i'm not sure this is work appropriate without tights. i may have to try  though  as otherwise it's a great workable dress for summer--not too tight or revealing in the b
I've been looking for the perfect white eyelet maxi  feels like a perfect summer staple...but sadly this was not it. quality isn't great which is surprise on a $168 price tag. top of dress is lined but cheaply so it's somewhat see through. the dress was returned.
The "peachy" color read as pretty gold on me  which i think was good for my pale skin and sandy hair. the lavender accent color is also very nice. forgiving fit  elegant fabric  pretty print  respectable hemline  super flattering neckline  love the pockets... all in all  i think this dress is a nice choice for day events.
This suit itself is adorable. i usually have to get a size large for length but in this case the cups are way too big. it says light padding but there is no padding. just a giant empty cup. i'm going to order the size medium.
This dress has a really lovely design and is very  very comfortable. it is not quite as flattering as i had hoped  and doesn't have quite as defined a shape as i expected. still  it's cute and i'm happy to have it!
I have been looking for a long jacket with personality for a while now. i got one from retailer 5 years ago and i've been looking for something just as great. walked into the store and fell absolutely in love. the fit is true to size  i prefer my jackets pretty fitted. the color seemed a bit rosey in the store  but now that i'm home seems more tan and brown. it's not going to be super warm  perfect for fall in colorado and warmer winter days. it's soft  so soft  not bulky at all. if this is your s
The styling of this top is really cute. it fits perfectly on the shoulders and gets bigger at the hem for the baby doll look. my biggest complaint is the quality! it's really cheap and feels like the quality i would expect to see at a cheap retailer. it catches lint like crazy and because the hem is just a pearl edge  it curls really badly. i buy quite a bit from here and this is the worst quality item i have seen in a long time. not worth the $$ if paying full price.
I really fell in love with this shirt. i am about 5 4 and 110 pounds. i ordered xxs which that was a good size from the chest but this shirt is literally so wide  i was ready to fly. although the model wears this shirt really nicely  i think this shirt is made for a certain type of body. not quite sure what that is.... also this shirt is shorter than what i expected. it looks a lot longer on the model. i had to return this shirt.
Super cute poncho to add to my wardrobe.  love the grey color and the material is super soft.  glad i snagged this up for less than $30!
Im normally an xs and i bought size 2 and it fit great. very slimming and looks great with white capris.
I loved this shirt when it first arrived and i couldn't wait to wear it. after one day of wear  i went to hang the shirt back up and it was ripping on both sides of the middle back seem. this shirt was not tight on me at all. very disappointed.
Cute details but not happy with the fit. runs wide and short. the peplum fabric on bottom is stiff  wrinkles easily  and lays funny. returning this one.
I had high hopes for this top based on the photos  but when it arrived it is a very thin cheap feeling top. the color is a dusty rose color that has a yellowish mottle throughout it  almost like a tie dye or slub effect.  not pretty at all.
This top was fun. casual with flair. it is a little strange that it is see through down to the stomach almost  but i would just wear a bra of the same color and don't think anyone would notice.  i didn't buy because even the sale price is too much for a casual tee  in my opinion.
I have been looking for a nice white top to go with many of my skirts for summer  and this is not it. like others  it's just so thin and sheer. i live in the south. i don't need my bra showing and i was wearing a nude bra when i tried this on and you can see everything. this is fine to layer in cooler temps  but now in our horrible summers where that's the last thing i wish to do.    - the only plus i can tell you is it's tts and the fabric is so comfortable and feels great on the skin. however 
I really loved this dress in the store when i tried it on the color and fabric were perfect for summer but once i got this home i noticed the placket wouldn't lay flat across the bust like shown in pictures. when i went up a size it was too large under the arms so this one will sadly have to go back to the store.
If i could sew  i'd take the fabric from this skirt and make it into a different shape (after ordering a bigger size). the fabric is just as it appears online -- totally gorgeous with almost a quilted feel to it. however  this thickness means the skirt sticks out like something judy jetson would wear. it's also too small in my go-to skirt size (and i order a lot at retailer). the waist and hips are small (making the skirt too short as well)  but the bottom flares out ridiculously. i ordered two of
I saw this in the retailer catalogue and knew i had to own this dress. everything about it speaks to me on a cellular level. the colour  the shape  the drape  the hem  !!!! and the little side stripes. be still my heart. i went into my local store and picked up the dress in xl and l to try on. i'm.... currently a new body shape because of too many burgers  a sports injury  and not enough cardio  so i figured i should size up for a moment. uh no. the xl was like a tent. fabric everywhere. i pulled
I already knew that it's not the lightest summer dress by reading previous reviews.  yes  it is fully lined with stretchy fabric which is kind of thick and heavy for skinny straps. i still love this dress it's very beautiful and versatile. it's perfect for san francisco summer it never gets too hot anyway.   the color is also beautiful but it's little pink side of red.  i am 5'4 size 0 it fits perfect just like the picture.
This dress looked gorgeous in the monthly catalog. ordered in hopes to wear in easter. i felt it was frumpy and just ok. color was pretty but overall; i didn't love it like i hoped to.
Beautiful victorian look blouse. runs large and overly blousy on me.
I loved this shirt online and went to my local retailer store the other day and wanted to try it on. i didn't even get past the "hold it up and measure the length" test we tall people often do  as it was incredibly short. there is no way i could wear this shirt at 5'11".     unless you have a short torso and want to rock the (icky) high-waisted pants that are everywhere right now  this beautiful top might not work for you.    oh  and it's sheer. camisole needed for white and navy.
Adorable suit  super cute print and great quality  but unfortunately not as flattering as other reviewers noted. i found that the white pattern accentuated the wrong areas and the ruffle feature was a bit over-the-top. the straps are also very thin and didn't offer too much support.
I agree with everything the other reviewer stated. this top is very billowy and runs large  it would be nice if i didn't have a chest! the other issue with this top is the macrame detailing is made more out of a satin like material and i wanted it to look closer to natural raw fiber. the pink is slightly more pink in person but it's not that far off. had to return.
Just bought the patterned and gray. the small fit perfect. i do have a short torso though. chest size 32dd. i tried the medium but then the underarm portion was too wide. i might have gotten a medium petite but small petite would have been too small i think. i hope the quality holds up which was the only thing i wasn't sure of. great summer tank to throw on with jeans or shorts.
These give an amazing slimming effect and i love the dark wash and fit on the waist. only negative is that being 5'4 and a size 30 the length of the pants is a few inches too long for me. i still love them but will have to wear heels with them always.
You can't tell by the photo but the top is actually a slightly shiny material...so it gives it a classy  going out look. in the picture it looks more casual  but i can see myself wearing this on a night out with a skirt  wearing it to work  or whatever. i tried it on and i thought "wow  i look thin." it's a little shorter than i normally wear (don't worry  it's not a crop top  but notice where the bottom hem sits on the models hips  probably mid-rise)  but it looked amazing on. zippers in the ba
This tunic is very cute and incredibly comfortable. it is a bit loose  but you can see that on the model that it hangs off the body. i lose my waist a little bit in this  but think it's a good substitute for a thin sweatshirt and the button detail at the neck is nice if you want to show a little cleavage.
Just received this in the mail  and i love it! the fit is wide and flowy  but i wouldn't say it runs large... i don't think i could have sized down in the shoulders. perfect easy  breezy fall top. cannot wait to wear it!
I bought both black and white shirt. white is see through completely. black is ok. but the material is still too thin. i feel like it is going to tear after the first wash. not worth the money. i bought plenty of similar shirts from the same brand and this run is way too cheap.
I"m going to a wedding in dec and looking for something different.. thats where my retailer comes in...their is this beautiful lace jumpsuit staring me in the face saying im what u r looking for! i'm 5'4 117 and the petite size 6 fit perfect!! love the navy blue color!. all set i am ready!!
Beautiful shape and colors but the fabric felt heavier than i imagined. sort of like heavy drapes. also  the length (as others mentioned) was too long. i am not normally a petite but the regular was too long. unfortunately  it has to go back.
My 3 daughters and i all wear a size small and are heights range between 5'2 and 5'10 . this dress was sloppy on every one of us. i don't think a size x small would have made a difference. the length is all over the place .i"m not sure how or where you would fit a bra into the picture. on the positive side was very soft. it may work as a beach cover -up.
I fell in love with this dress when the catalog came in the mail and jumped online immediately to order it. the dress just arrived and is not as pictured in the catalog - the picture of the model walking on the beach. in that picture it appears to have black lining or a black slip underneath when in reality there is nude lining sewn into every edge and isn't going anywhere - for a minute i thought about having it removed by a tailor but it seems the entire dress would have to be re-sewn. some of
I agree with a previous reviewer who said that it was very nicely cut  but unfortunately  the materials are so cheap. the "fleece" material that it is made out of feels like the cheap polyester fleece blankets that you get at the discount stores. it will pill easily  and is noticeable even in the dark color. i must have gotten one shipped straight from the store  and it was already starting to do some gnarly pilling. i do love the cut of it  but i can't justify keeping it because this won't last
I first ordered this in the patterned denim. the online photo looks washed out in comparison. the blouse has very pretty detail all along the body and cute brass buttons. the pattern unfortunately looks more vivid in person and as result  i did not like. i brought it to the store and tried on white but it was very sheer (all though the pleating in front helps). i ended up exchanging it with plum which is also beautiful - not as much sheen as shown on the photo  but still beautiful.
The fit and feel of this top is lovely. great shirt to layer. fits great  i get compliments every time i wear it.
This coat is truly gorgeous in person. it's an investment coat  one that i will probably wear for years to come because the style is timeless and the color is lovely. i found it to be very high quality. in fact  i would love to see more coats of this caliber from retailer. the other reviews had me hesitant to splurge on it  but i don't plan on wearing it buttoned very often so that will be a non-issue for me. the lining is one of the best parts of the coat! show it off! i think the problem
The minute i put this sweater on  i couldn't wait to take it off. it was way too scratchy for me. so  for those with any type of sensitivity to wool  this is not the sweater for you. otherwise  i thought the design was quite cute.
Unfortunately this top looks billowy and boxy on my. i am tall and very slim and i look pregant in this one ;). maybe it works better on somebody more curvy.
I purchased this pretty printed dress as soon as i spotted it on-line and ordered it in my usual size petite 6 (i'm 5'4" 34d-27-35) and found it fit me tts and looks just perfect on. i immediately adored all the different prints on this one  the length  the sweet sleeves and waist band and think this will look so adorable with a jean jacket paired with a cute pair of boots this coming fall amd winter. it's a great transition piece that also looks really cute with sandals or clogs as well. also 
I purchased this in london  early april  and i wore it to a summer wedding. it was perfect and hangs very nicely. the colors are rich and the deep blue flowers have texture. the front slit goes up to about the knee but doesn't split apart when walking which i appreciated. the only thing that i felt was a little off was the circumference of the sleeves. i have to keep them unbuttoned but thankfully it looks like just an interesting detail and not so much like an unbuttoned sleeve. a definite keep
This top is way cuter in real life. it looks a little frumpy on the model but t is very flattering on. the sleeves are split so not a warm top  but this will be a nice transitional piece. i am always looking for interesting but classy tops to war to work and this fits the bill.
Whimsical and elegant. fits a bit snug in rib cage  but that works well for me. i'm a 32c.
I am typically a small at retailer  but always order a small and medium to try since i'm tall. the color of the green is really pretty  and i can see wearing it on the weekend with casual sandals  and dressing it up with a cropped jacket for work. the sizing is way off on this dress  though. the small is too short for me (personally). i'm 5'8" and the waist doesn't sit low enough for a drop-waisted style. so i tried a medium. the medium is not sized correctly at all. i tried it on and it fits 3 si
The dress ran big but is tight at the bust  material is sooo sheer and the shape of the dress is off. you can't see the ruffle/ flounce that runs the bottom of the dress.
I wanted this dress so bad for a trip to hawaii. i sized up when i saw the side zip because i'm a little larger in the top than bottom  but whoa... even when sizing up  i think i would have needed to size up like 3x to get this to work. the dress is adorable  and if you have a smaller bust  it will work for you... so sad it wouldn't work for me.
This dress is crazy flattering and extremely versatile. i wish it came in other colors...i would scoop them all up. great price (plus used by birthday 15% off coupon). the fabric is light weight...but not flimsy. plus it's lined with a satin fabric so the dress won't stick to you. i'm 5" 113 and i ordered the petite x-small and it is perfect. i can see it with fun sneakers (like the picture) or with some fun jewelry and high wedges for going out. thinking of buying a 2nd one as back up...it's th
I absolutely adore this top! it is so versatile and looks equally beautiful with jeans as with dressier  skinny pants. i bought this to wear for our holiday photos and have gotten so much use out of it. worth every penny. i have just ordered the blue version and cannot wait to get it.
The dresss is much shorter than described. very see thru  though guess you can tell from picture. expected more for the price.
Super cute dress for fall. detail is much more intricate than what you are able to see online. not too long and will look perfect with tights and boots.
I like this top and agree that it does run large. i find the fabric to be somewhat heavy which i consider a good thing as it will hang nicely and do a good job of hiding *imperfections*. it does have a pleat in the back which is not so apparent in the photo here. i love the neckline... a slight bit of a *v* neck.
I wanted to love this dress so much and am so sad - it just didn't work for me. i am 5'2"  138 pounds (still trying to lose that last 5-8 from my third daughter) and the chest/back of this dress was so tight i was afraid if i hugged someone it would split up the back. i am normally a size 6 and tried the 6 p  8 p and 8 and they were all too tight in the chest/back. it sounds like this is common for these holding horses dresses. :(
I have featured photos below. i'm 5 feet and 120 lbs and 34 d. i purchased a small petite. the fabric is cotton  i thought it would be rayon. it is lined with cotton fabric. the skirt has major poof. it falls like a midi on a petite. the waist runs high  which can not be a  good thing for a busty gal. why do i love it? the pattern is one of a kind. the colors are so fall. i wore a vest to accomplish a tapered look. i can't resist this skirt. if your tall  this is a dream. if your petite  you can
This dress is very cute and well made. unfortunately it was too short waisted for me and runs small in the bust. the arm holes were too big yet the bust small  very weird fit on me. i am six feet tall with 38c bust  maybe if you are shorter with smaller chest this dress will work for you. it has a thin lining and is not see through even though it is white fabric. i love the dress it just wasn't made for my tall figure.
They were ok pants but too small. the texture and shape were not what i expected either.
I really like this top! excellent over a casual dress!! perfect for spring  summer and fall!
I had high hopes for this top but sadly it was not meant to be. it was tts (i'm 5"3 and usually wear a small). but the material was horribly scratchy. both the body of the top as well as the sleeves. and the design isn't all that flattering. it made me look really wide at the bottom and i definitely am not in real life!
Gorgeous lace detail on this classic swimsuit. absolutely love it! fits true to size.
I love jumpsuits but this literally feels like pajamas. it doesn't look like pajamas but it is soft and cozy and isn't too big or too tight anywhere. i am 5'6" and 130 and i purchased the small and it fits just like the model. the button in the back at the top is a little hard to close but the whole thing comes off and on easy which is such a bonus in a jumpsuit. this is a winner! it can be worn casually or dressed up.
I bought the denim ch rocket high-rise crop last spring and had so much fun wearing them that i had to scoop up these babys when i saw black!! same fantastic fit only i had to size up so i assuming they run small in black? i could sleep in these they are this comfy and so flattering! i've got a flat behind and the placement of the pockets really give that lift i need in back! i'd buy one in every color if i could  so worth that price tag!!!
I tried on the blue floral dress in the spring but found it too large on top. i liked the new red motif dress and sized down to a medium which fits much better.
I ordered the in the emerald green and it was sent to me with a dime size hole in the sleeve. i am very disappointed  because i love the sweater. by the time it arrived  it was sold out in my size. now  i cannot exchange it for one that is not damaged. if the sweater was not damaged  i would recommend this product.
Good weight and texture to the dress but looked to tent-like for me. even taking it out of the package my first thought was  is this size mislabeled? i got a 0 but could probably have done better with 00 if those were in stock or if petite sizes were still available. returning but wish i could keep it
These are my new favorite jeans. the gray wash is nice  and the distressing is subtle enough that i can wear these to work. the rise is high enough that i don't need to worry about bending over but not so high that they get near my belly button. and the description is true: they don't stretch! i'm a loyal ag stevie shopper  and the fit on these is similar... just a little skinnier in the ankles  maybe. true to size. a little long  so i'll probably hem them a couple of inches.
Cute dress but way too big. i ordered a 2 petite and i'm swimming in it. i'm usually a size 2-4 and 5'4". will exchange for smaller size since i think it would be really great if fit properly.
These shorts are very flattering. will def. purchase another pair.
This skirt is gianormous! i usually take an xl or l  so i ordered both. the waistband on the xl was so huge  i didn't even try it on. i feared it would not stay up! so i tried the large  and it was big as well. i think i would have needed a medium. but as it is  it is not the cute a-line that appears in the picture. (i wonder how they even got it to look like that !?!?!) it is huge  hip-y  and bunchy. yuck.
I saw this vest the week it came in the store. i was hesitant  thinking  "what do i have to go with this?" i left the store and had to go back and purchase it. i'm so happy i did! it really does go well simple tops (dressy or casual). it is also perfect for the "winter white" trend happening this year!
Kicky little pleat in the back is interesting and comfortable. great fit  good colors and doesn't wrinkle easily.
This is a great top and got compliments already...it does have a longer sleeve like the picture  but  really not bad. it's so comfortable and color is fabulous. great with any scarf too.
Just a warning  the yoke on this dress has sequins underneath. i'm not a sparkle kinda gal  so as soon as i saw that  the dress went right back in the package and will be going back to the store. i wish that had been described or more evident in the pictures  to me  it cheapens the whole dress  which would otherwise be adorable.
I really like this dress. it does not bother me that it is not lined. i feel very feminine wearing it. i plan to get a shrug to wear with it.
I thought this top had shimmery dots  that is what it looks like in the picture. but when it arrived  it looks much plainer in-person and i could not believe it was this top. the dots are polka dots. the embroidery at the v-neck doesn't stand out much in the photo but it does in-person. the top runs true to size but the fit didn't feel as perfect for me. i am sending it back. i needed a more shimmery top.
I'm too tall for this. back goes halfway up my back. cannot do much with it other than front tie. fabric is not soft at all. not impressed. returned it.
Love this top! the length is perfect and it is very stylish! hope it will come in other colors because i would buy more!!
These jeans are beautiful. as the other reviewers have noted...they run very large...like 2 sizes  even then they are very stretchy. the embroidery is dark blue (looks black on screen)....lovely pair of jeans. if they had other colors i would by them!
I am 5'4" about 120# with an athletic build. i was so excited for this dress to arrive. when i removed it from the package i loved the way it felt and the weight of it. the color was as pictured on my computer. i ordered the xsp and was concerned it would be too small in the shoulders or too short. it was huge on me -- too long -- too wide -- too frumpy -- too loose all over. i checked to make certain it was a petite that was sent and it was. boo. i do like the cap sleeve better than the flutter
I got the navy stripe version of this shirt and it has a very cute nautical vibe to it. i am either an xs or s in antho  and went with the xs for this shirt as i think the s would be too boxy. normally i would have overlooked this shirt as it's rather unimpressive on the hanger  but it was on sale so i tried it on. very cute when tried on! it fits well across the shoulders but isn't too clingy in the body  which i like. the fabric is very comfortable and the shoulder detail gives it a little mor
I ordered a six 6 petite. the pant leg was still very long. and if i have it tailored it will not preserve the whole point of these pants having a flare. this is a slim fit. i have heavy thighs and this was not for me. i'm 5' 120 lbs. also the tag warns that the fabric may leave color on lighter clothing. which i don't get  because it's spandex blend. also wasn't too hip in the zipper on the back.
I love this shirt  love love love it. i am a curvy girl and it accents all the right features and hides the ones that need to be hidden. but i've owned it for 6 months and there are already 4 holes in the shirt. and not holes in the fabric but holes on the seam lines. the stitching is not sturdy enough for the shirt to not fall apart. the whole point is to be able to wear it. but now i have to bust out my sewing machine to reinforce the seams that split so that i can wear it again. :(
The larkspur tank is colorful and the embroidered bib is beautiful. the material is soft but not diaphanous. it can hide my little pouch without looking like maternity clothing. love it!
The material was thin  showed every lump you'd rather hide and clung to the body. even the sleeves were tight. looked inexpensive.
Was excited to receive this dress  as it had some great reviews. however  of the love was coming from the 5'5"+ set. as a petite  this didn't work well for me  and the fabric flattened me out in the bust in an awkward way. returned.
I noticed this dress in the highlighted area and then read the reviews. i probably wouldn't have thought much about it just scrolling through the dress pages  and now i'm so glad i bought it. i have worn this dress several times and never fail to get compliments on it. i know i will wear it again come next fall. i am petite  but ordered the regular and find that length to be perfect. i'm a teacher and this dress helps me maintain a classy yet modern look. i purchased the small (usually wear size
Absolutely stunning dress. true to size and flows like a dream.
This sweater was exactly what i was looking for...something well made  cozy  easy to just throw on and go and still look chic. i am 5'3" and 110 lbs and the x-small fit perfectly - still roomy but drapes well. i got the taupe which is nice but i got the red color for my sister in law and its gorgeous- more of a burnt orange than the red show here. i would definitely recommend this sweater!
This dress has so much potential- loved the pattern and the neckline. however  only one side of the waist was gathered with a fake sash leaving the other side plain. the gathered side was super flattering while the other side showed any little lump or bump. needless to say  i'm returning it.
This is a nice tunic but i wish it was a bit more structured. the band in the back helps hold it together so it doesn't balloon out but a few more pin tucks would have been nice. i do like the length and style as a alternate to a white button down shirt and it looks super cute with skinny crop pants.
I really wanted to love this. i kept refreshing the page so that i could order it as soon as my size was in stock. i love the colors and struggle to find cute dresses in natural fabrics for the summer. unfortunately as another reviewer mentioned the cut of the arm holes is strange. it cut my off in the most unflattering spot.
Love this kimono! it is so versatile. it is a one size only so it might be .a bit volumnous for some people.
I was running low on good summer shorts and thought i'd try these based on having a pair of the pilcro cropped pants i got a couple months ago. i tried these shorts on in-store to make sure they fit right and that i liked how they looked but then bought them online (more colors were available in my size than what they had in store). i bought these in 3 different colors and i absolutely love them all! they are my go-to shorts now  they look good with the legs rolled up or down  and i will be wear
The color and design/style are cute but i found this to be too oversized. if you want to layer it  then it might be for you  but i was hoping for more of a tailored look.
This is a stunning blouse! you can't tell from the photo  but it looks very 1930-1940's. i am so happy with this blouse  it is gorgeous. i'm an xl  and purchased this blouse in xl and it fits wonderfully. it fits nice and flowy and i feel i don't need a cam underneath. i highly recommend it!
I tried on the xs in the store  and i don't need a petite in this  but perhaps a xxs. it is on the shorter side  so no great on my muscular thighs (if petite) whereas the regular size hit me just above the knee. the cut is away from the body  a bit "a-line"  but not fitted. the colors are gorgeous  but i think this is more of a casual dress  like brunch with the girlfriends  for example. love it... it is now in my wish list for alter :-)
I am a curvy size 8. i loved the colors but found it looked maternity when unbelted and there was too much bunchy fabric at the waist when tied. i tend to like things that emphasize my waist  however.
I wanted to love this dress. i went into retailer in sb to try it on and when i saw it on the rack it looked beautiful  both the print and the material. then i tried it on and it fit like a tent. i am just under 5'5 and it hit right below my knees  not like shown in the picture here. on that note  i passed on this one due to the fit. i think this would make a fantastic maternity dress though.
I saw this online and ended up driving over an hour to pick it up from a neighboring retailer store that had 1 more left in my size! it fits true to size for me with the waist band fitting my 27" inches perfectly with no real give- so keep that in mind. the top does seem a little blousey  which i typically avoid (34d already) but this was still super flattering. overall it is a gorgeous dress that looks good on- one of those dresses that makes you feel good wearing it!
I usually pass on ruffles but this top is great! luckily i walked by this in the store and had to try it on. the material is very soft and can easily be converted from work to a night out. the v-neck is flattering and the ruffles lay nicely- i purchased this in the taupe but the green is beautiful too and will purchase it as well.
It was a little shorter than i expected i am 5'8 and 125 pounds. i ordered the extra small and it was a perfect fit aside from length. at 42 yrs old  i can't wear mid thigh dresses to work. hit hit me at the same length it hit the model in the picture.... even though she is 5'10. if you are 5'6 and below this is a beautiful dress
I got this top in black and didn't realize until i got it that it has velvet accents. it is beautiful  sophisticated and can be a great party  work  or play top!
This is so comfortable  i had to buy another one. looks great under sleeveless sweaters. interesting texture adds interest.
I loved this dress when i saw it. however the fit was way off. i am 5'7" 120 lbs and the small was way too big from the waist down. when the xs arrived i was sure it would be perfect. unfortunately the waist hit way too high  above my rib cage and the dress was too short. it was as if it was a petite size. i was very disappointed as this is such a pretty  easy dress to just throw on for school. unfortunately neither size looked right on me and i had to return both. the material is also not the s
I was on the fence about getting this maxi because it's a tad pricey but ended up scoring an retailer coupon that took a bit of the sting out of the price. i'm so glad i went ahead and ordered it! it's absolutely lovely! i'm 5'3"  117# and got an xs petite; it fits like a glove and is the perfect length to wear with either flats or a higher heel. love  love  love!
This jacket is so cute and fits perfect and i love the motif. however  it deposited black linty particle all over my pants and top and the fabric was already pilling just from being on the hanger in the store. this piece will look bad/worn/old in a very short period of time. it's a big shame  because it's so perfect in every other way. i choose not to buy it. it's very expensive for the quality.
Size down as the top looks too big at the shoulders of you get your normal size. i don't find the material  too see through. it's light  flowy and pretty. not your average boring looking top. unique.
I bought 3 of these tops in different colors  the blue one had one sleeve noticeably shorter. sent it back. now less than 10 days later they are on sale. the style is darling and get many complements on the two i have. fyi i'm a 36d 130lbs and med fit great
I ordered this in the pink color. the fit was fine  but i didn't care for how thin it was. there is lining  which i suppose is there to combat the thinness  but it's only in certain places. the lining should have been all over. maybe if i had gotten this in blue  it wouldn't have been so bad.
Wasn't sure whether i would like the top from the online picture  but it is so much more flattering in person. can be worn as a casual piece with denim skinnys or dressed up with a pencil skirt.
I received this as a gift. it is a very pretty top  but the material is sooo delicate that the cutout areas were torn in many spots and where it wasn't torn completely you could see it fraying. the sales associate said they get many returns on this item.
This dress is the opitome of summer! day or night  running errands during the day to a casual night out this dress will be that go to favorite. i feel it runs small on the top  i am large busted and i sized up for this reason and it still could be roomier...i wear a size 10 on top and for referance i got the 12. i will keep it as it is not uncomfortable but for a drees that lends to a drape on top i wish they would have made it roomier....imhave never had this issue with mauve as it is one of my
I really thought i would love this dress the style is really nice and the material is great. however  the length made me feel like i looked short and kind of stumpy. i feel like this dress would look really good on somebody that is more like 6ft  not my 5'6" self.
Cute  basic white shirt with nice detail. i love meadow rue and this is another great shirt from them. while i love it  i wish it were just a little bit softer (i am a sucker for soft things). however  i am keeping the shirt and it will be great for work or play.
Luv this top/dress/coverup..runs a lil big...i sized down for a more fitted look to pair it with cropped skinny jeans! fabric is nice  comfortable and light!
I love these pants. they are beautifully made and appear to be very comfortable. now if i could just get them buttoned! i am a size 8/medium. i bought the large after reading other reviews. i'm not joking when i say i can't button them. i am in such love with them (and still hoping to lose some baby weight)  that i am going to keep them in hopes to wear them!
The back of this top is very unique and the embroidery looked like it would hold up. it does have a boxy shape  but it really works with this piece. i found it to run true to size compared to other pieces i have from retailer. for some reference  i'm 5'5" and weigh 148lbs.
I really wanted to like this top  but unfortunately it is not as pretty or flattering in person. the yellow looks dirty in real life  not pretty like the picture. it is also a strange fit/shape when it is on. i tried it on in the store and did not like it at all.
I am in love with this dress and can't wait to wear it to brunch this weekend! i am normally a ps  but they only had the pxs which i took a chance on. fits like a glove. slightly tight in the chest area  but i am chesty for a petite girl. the length is perfect and modest  the detail up front is adorable.
This sweater is a cute design but did not work for me. i am 5'9" and this is way to short/cropped and looks awkward. the quality was so so  it looked stretched out in the front. it's getting returned.
I love this dress. the fit is great for tall girls i'm 5 9' and the length is perfect. can be dressed down with cute sneakers or up with heels. every time i wear this dress i get a ton of compliments and it is so comfortable.
I loved the colors on this dress  but i don't like the way it fits. it is tight around the shoulders  but the rest of the dress is really big and has no shape
The button fell off when i took it out of the bag  and i noticed that all of the thread had unraveled. will be returning :-(
I really like this shirt but it's a bit maternity. i don't mind some extra fabric around the stomach area but there is a lot here. i'm 5' 7" about 125 and i think it makes me look like i might be hiding a little secret. since i'm done having kids  it has to go back.   it's also somewhat see through and had i kept it  i would have worn a tank top underneath.  as long as these things don't bother you  it really is cute!
This dress is lovely fabric  generaly nicely tailored  but weirdly large around armholes  which gap. i'm sending it back. also this 'red' is more like a fuschia.   dress was generally a a bit too big on top  oddly both too long in the torso  and the shoulders cut too far in--they didn't cover bra straps--as well as unattractively large armholes. you can even see it on the model. i i'm a size 10 to 12  fairly busty but not extremely  and with a slightly short torso  which is party the problem (th
I have a sillier style sweater from moth that i got last year and love. this is not as great  but i like the style so i will keep it. i knew the sleeves would be shorter  but wish they were made full length with a little less "bat wing". the color is close to as shown- maybe a little lighter. i was hoping for more of a navy since that is what they are calling it- but this is more of a denim blue.
I bought this dress to wear to a fall wedding. it is absolutely gorgeous! the actual fabric is much more detailed in person. sizing is accurate. the dress is knee length. there is a little tulle underneath to give it the a-line shape.
This is my new favorite sweater and i want it in all sizes. i have the ivory and now the taupe-totally would have bought the green had it been in stock. the red is a more rust color  but it is still gorgeous. although the knit looks and is looser  it is still very warm. i wore it today and was a little too hot for this mild day. it is longer so it can be worn nicely with leggings and still look great  but it has a good fit and shape so as not to look frumpy. love. tts  but could also size down i
This cute dress was very nice on. however my only reservations were the thickness in the arm sleeves. the dress has this thick curtain like material on the sleeves that seemed to big and cut way to wide for my skinny arms. i thought about bringing this to the tailor but i feel it would be a lot of work and the bulkiness of the arms would just be the same.  other than that the colors and dress are beautiful.
This is really a lovely jumper and looks quite nice and dressy on. my problem is a short torso  but then again this may be made for short torso loving people! i felt like i was all legs in it. i never asked anyone else's opinion  though  so not sure if its just me and my complex. if you don't have a short torso then you might experience the pulling the others were speaking about because the waist might hit you higher than your usual waist.  overall  i am not sure who this was designed for.. but
Love love love this dress.  fits like a glove. beautiful details. amazing quality. i'm so happy with this dress and know i'll have it for years. :)
I was very excited about this product. when i saw it the pattern was beautiful in the romantic floral and the bottom band looked like the bathing suit was a little longer so i felt it would be good for a large chest. when i received the package i knew instantly it ran small. i tried it on and it barely covered half of my chest. also the band at the bottom is actually very small and not what i expected. the print is just as lovely in person as it is online. i don't even know if sizing up will mak
The design is stunning  the color is universally super-flattering. it's a lovely top. so much so that i tried it on even though it was pricey. but the armholes are huge. you can see it on the model  who is definitely not wearing a bra. on me  there was a lot of side bra exposure. if they'd had smaller sizes at the berkeley store  i would've given them a shot  but my true size was a really poor fit.
I am very disappointed with this order. the shirt looks and feels cheap  is not flattering in any way. i am sending it back right away.
I love this shirt. i bought the ivory color. it's incredibly comfortable and an easy style.
The armholes on this dress are totally bizarre. i can't believe no one else has commented on them yet. i am a size s on top and m on the bottom so i usually try on both in dresses. i tend to be a small/ size 6 in retailer. the armholes are so long that the dress doesn't lay right on top. i showed it to on of the clerks in the store and she agreed with me. we looked at all the others and they were the same. going up a size made it way worse. this dress might work for someone with really broad shoul
Loved the look of this shirt on the hanger. however when on  i found that it puffed out in the back. it's fitted through the shoulders and mid-back but the bottom rounds out and creates a lower hump. maybe it wouldn't on someone taller? also  although this wasn't a con for me  the shirt is darker than appears online.
Was looking for a replacement coat and saw this lovely. tried on large but was more roomy than needed  even for a coat. tried petite version but found it too short for my taste. decided on medium in green and cannot complain. comfy & stylish. more car coat than main winter coat. have been wearing it daily over light layers so far in our mildish nw winter.
I love this dress.   i believe the picture on-line doesn't show the unique pattern and design.   it does have an interesting design.    add a long vest  statement necklace  and boots - you will be quite fashionable.
Loved it! i am curvy and it is very hard to find a dress that looks easy and at the same time shapes you. the various cuts of the different prints are placed in the right place in the body . easy dress and beautiful. there should be more dresses in this style in different color combos.
This runs way big  i'm a size 8  purchased the medium. it's just big with no shape.
I bought this today in navy and loved it the second i put it on. it feels great on  is well made and flattering! you can wear it anywhere and look pulled together. much cuter in real life too. it does run a little small. id go up a size if you're getting the white so it won't cling too much.
Love this dress. from the great fabric (soft yet substantial) that's similar to sweater material  to the amazing detail of the flower design (it's really so unique and i mean that in a good way!)  to the color (a tan with gold flecking)  and lastly to the really flattering fit  not to mention those retro bell sleeves!  all around a fun dress! it was true to size and not too short  hitting my 5'4" height about 2" above my knees.
This coat is beautifully made and for $800 i expect no less. however  i should have checked other resources prior to buying. the color on this website is nothing like actual color of coat. i was expecting a nice dark red/wine as depicted on these photos. however  it is a bright magenta/dark fuscia more on the purpleish side that does not go so much with my wardrobe (even though i am a pink-loving person haha). i had hoped to pair it with the same skirt shown here and the peony sweater that was i
I loved this dress in the photos and couldn't wait to try it on in person. the print varies from dress to dress and mine had noticeably much more cream color in it. i didn't mind too much but it didn't look like the dress the model is wearing. i bought the xxs petite which fit true to size. the v neck is a bit low for petite sizing but the length was perfect on my 5'2" frame which was a plus. i agree with the other reviewers the fabric is cheap and feels cheap. not something i would expect from
The great thing about a swing dress is that it doesn't cling to the curves. this one is the same way. i got the geometric print. the colors are fun. i would have gone down to the small just to loose some of the material on this dress if it had not fit across so tight across the back. if you have no bust  i would say size down two sizes or try a petite. the dress has a breathable fabric so great for summer wear. the only cons are the large armpits and extra fabric but sizing down should help.
Just got these today because they were a steal of a deal with the sale on sale. was super excited because the pattern is adorable! i put them on tonight and noticed that they  firstly  aren't eloise like i assumed they would be  and secondly  that they weren't as soft as i had expected. all of the retailer/eloise pajamas i have purchased in the past have been so soft and comfortable - you don't want to take them off! did i get an off pair that just happened to not be as soft? i'm not sure  but i'm
I really wanted to love this sweater after reading all the reviews  but it just didn't work for me. the pattern is amazing (almost a little over powering  making it one of a kind and unique) but what i didn't like the color of the knit collar and front bands----it's an old looking mauve-tweed grandpa color. i probably would have kept it if that color was different. it was returned to find a different coat style sweater.
I purchased the poppy pocket tunic in yellow. the color is perfect and looks great with my dark grey leggings. cannot wait until it's cold enough to wear.
I love pilcro jeans and usually wear the stet fit. this is the first pair that i've owned that had so much stretch. they stretch and do lose their shape slightly  but bounce back after a wash. my main complaint may be stretch-related: after the first wear  the inner thigh area was covered in pills. granted  my inner thighs touch when i walk  but this has never happened with any other pair of pilcro that i've owned. i still have a pair of black stet that i bought 4yrs ago and they've never shown
I recommen only becuase i like it on other people  but not on me. the pull on style didn't work  i need xs petite to fit lenght and waist  but the waist wasn't elastic enough to "pull up" (i have let's say a booty#. i kept hearing hte stiching give... it also looked a little too poooofffy on my frmae  i am 5'1.5" and it stuck more out than on the model. nice idea  btu not for me. #i am 115 lbs#
The tank looks nothing like the one pictured  mainly because it's tissue-paper thin. also  i ordered it in two sizes - xs and s as it can be hard to tell which one will fit. i started with the xs and quickly discovered that it ran large. the armholes hit halfway to my waist. obviously i didn't even bother opening the size s. both will be returned.
I returned this one. i usually love cecilia prado? s artistic textiles and was very happy with her floraknit dress  but this skirt was a disappointment . it simply looks different from the picture : it?s way more shimmery- metallic in person  (which i could see a lot of customers actually loved)  but to me it made it look cheap. also it lacks structure: the a-shape looks drab on this knit fabric.
The embroidery grabbed my attention  but i loved the way it felt once i tried it on. the fit is loose (i'm between a small and medium and the small was a bit loose)  but still flattering. i really love everything about it  even the lighter weight fabric. i live in the south were fall and winter tend to be on the warmer side. the v-neck is just perfect. i can see wearing this to work as well as out - one of the most versatile dresses i've found lately!
I recently purchased this blouse on their 40% off sale in white. i was hoping for a crisp white structured blouse. i did read all the reviews and thought i would give it a try anyway. it is awful. there is no structure or shape but the quality is the reason i am returning. it feels like a napkin or thinner. not even worth the extra sale price. i will be returning.
Love it! as a previous reviewer stated  you can actually wear it reversible. so happy i purchased it!
I was really excited to receive this dress but was disappointed that it really wasn't that special. i'm 134 lbs  5'5" and i ordered a regular size s and it did fit. i prefer my dresses right above my knees but this was probably 2 inches above the knees. it just wasn't that flattering nor worth the price. i expected to be wowed but wasn't!
My measurements: i'm a 36b so i got the medium. it fits perfectly. i originally purchased this in the gray to wear during the day in winter months  but i loved it so much that i came back and purchased the black for evenings with skinny jeans and heels. it's so soft and pretty  can be dressed up or down  and now i'm thinking about getting the wine color too! i *love* it. i washed it in cold/gentle and let it air dry and it held up fine. i wouldn't push it though. treat it delicately. it's a smar
Loved the fit and colors  but the fabric is very thin and see-thru. i tried a nude cami underneath and the cami was completely visible. it did not look appropriate for anything that i wanted to wear the top to.
I have now purchased these pants (online) three times in the ivory. i first ordered them in a 28 as it was the only size available  and i thought that size would fit me in this brand. wrong! i was swimming in them. great pants  but too large in the waist. i kept checking online and they popped back in a 27  which i thought would fit. wrong again! they arrived a couple of days ago  and still they are too large in the waist  but since 27 was the only size available  i thought that i would keep the
I purchased the blue version in store. it's a nice royal blue  not navy. (although the it could be worn with navy.) i thought the fit was flattering. the middle piece (pleat?) is less obvious on the blue than the purple. the tie at the neck can be untied and it is still not too low cut.
First of all it arrived rolled in a tight ball the size of a large starbucks coffee. i don't know why they do that.... you're not going to be immediately impressed by something that is packaged like it's cheap! second  i'm usually a 0-4 in retailer and mine is no where near as loose-fitting as the photo. also  he sleeves and back are a very thin waffle knit... like a flimsy t-shirt. and see-thru. the sleeves form-fit to my arms so i couldn't layer under it  but i couldn't wear it alone with the fa
I'm an employee and bought this top today. i'm so happy i ended up buying it on a whim! it's adorable and super comfy! it's perfect for those jeans and a tee day! i can't wait to wear it to work. the color is gorgeous and the peplum adds a feminine detail without being too puffy...in love!
The stitching is why i like this dress. even though the arms and waist were a little large on me  i decided to keep it because of the beautiful pattern. (i think going a size down from what i normally wear would be too tight across my back or too short.) i will wear it with a cardigan  tights  and boots as the weather gets cooler.
While i love the fabric and the pattern  this skirt leaves too much to be desired. the full price is absurd considering what you get.  there is no mention online that there is no built in slip  and as the material is extremely thin a slip is an absolute must. (see attached photo.) even in dim lighting you can see straight through.   also for this price point it is strange that the skirt is 'pull-on styling.' i would say that it is true to size  and i am usually a medium @ retailer  but i have a sm
Love this top! i just purchased this shirt from my local retailer store. i noticed it when i walked in and saw it on display. it's stylish  comfortable  and subtle. it runs large so size down. normally  i wear a medium in retailer tops but needed a small. the flower print is small and the colors are muted against the black. pairs well with several colors: black (like model)  dark denim  olive green  and mauve. the display had it tucked into a soft khaki colored pair of pants that worked as well.
I love the feel of the fabric and design of this dress.  i look forward to changing the look with cowboy boots or fringed booties. i also like the option of wearing it opened over a white tee and jeans. worn loose or belted  it can be different every time you wear it. it does run large so you may want to size down.
I was so smitten by this shirt when i saw it online. i love embroidery and purple is my favorite color. i am a size 10 and decided to order an l. the shoulders fit well  but the rest of it was huge...like another reviewer said...like a maternity top. i would also concur with the reviewer who said " [what] takes away from the lovely purple flowers is the blotchy moss dye finish on the fabric." this is so true. the embroidery does not stand out / is not highlighted like in the photograph; they hav
Caught a sale in oct and purchased the gray. beautiful light gray. i am normally a med or lg and the small in this sweater was perfect. i am larger in the bust so it is not boxy on me. added a delicate pin to the shoulder and it was darling for our casual christmas dinner.
I'm a slightly pear shaped girl. a c chest with size 14 hips. the dress fit great around my waist and would have been perfect except the space in the chest area was too big. it looked odd on me with all the extra fluff in the chest. fabric is nice and flowy. the dress is lined.
This looked nothing like the picture on me. was long and very unflattering. belled out greatly at the bottom also. the material was thick which is why i give it three starts for quality. but overall awkward.
This dress has a beautiful purple paisley print and reminds me of classic retailer from years ago. i wanted to love the dress but it runs extremely large. i usually wear a 00p or xxsp and got this in an xxsp but was still way too big. while the intent is to be flowy  i was overwhelmed by the bagginess and it changes the style from flowy to bag-like. while the belt helps cinch the waist  i had too much bunching in the waist area making it unattractive. very disappointed as its such a pretty
This jacket isn't as structures as i thought but it is very comfortable. runs true to size and feels nice. i am looking forward to wearing this in the fall
It's just ok. very thin and feel like it might say and stretch. color is very nice but much thinner and sheer we than what i wanted.
These are by far the sexiest fitting overalls ever! they are lengthening and flattering and comfy at the same time!
Beautiful fabric with soft drape. unfortunately the "captain kangaroo" pockets are awful. unless you have a straight up and down shape with no hips this is very unflattering. the pockets look like saddle bags and add a huge amount of fabric where most people don't want added bulk. very disappointing. returned.
I recommend this product  but with the following reservations.     the dye from the product colors my skin every time i wear this outfit. i love the fit and make of the jumper  but i hate that my skin looks blue by the end of the day. this is still happening after several washes  which makes me feel disappointed. it will dye your undergarments so choose wisely.
Based on the photos  i thought this dress would be very flattering on an hourglass shape. i ordered the faded reddish pink color. the color was true to the photo and very pretty and soft. the dress has an open neckline  fitted waist and skirt length that are all flattering  but the fabric is thin and clingy  making the dress overall not flattering on anyone not as thin as the model. it certainly doesn't hang. i believe it runs true to size. i'm generally a xs/s and i ordered a s and the fit was
I bought the red cardigan because i didn't have anything similar and was so pleasantly surprised by the fit and design that i'm going have to buy it in whatever other colors are available. it's very versatile - looks great tied in front  in back  at the side - and has a tiny bit of flare at the bottom so it's more feminine and flirty than your average cardigan. i have a few tops by this brand and have been really happy with the quality and design.
This top is true to size for me  i'm 5'8'' 128lbs  and i ordered both a size 4 and 6. the six was too big  i could tell because the shoulder seem was in the wrong spot and i couldn't lift my arms  the shoulder seem hung too low. the 4 was perfect  i had full range of motion for my arms and was easily able to bend down and touch my toes without any pulling on the buttons of the shirt. i always order a small or size 4 in tops. the bigger size didn't add any length in front just added a boxier feel
You can't exactly tell from the picture  but this dress has a skirt that bubbles a little at the bottom  and it really adds interest to the whole piece. i think my favorite part about this dress  though  is the weightiness of the skirt--it's not so heavy that it's hot or uncomfortable  but enough that it feels more quality  more special.
This dress is a lot of fun and would be great for a party or a wedding but unfortunately it didn't fit me right. i ordered a small since i usually wear a size 2 but the waist was just a little bit loose while the dress was too tight across the bust. this caused the dress to pull up in the front and make it look too high in the waist. i guess i'm just too busty for this dress. too bad because i really wanted it to work. it is a lovely dress.
It's a cute top but once i washed in cold water and laid flat to dry it shrunk and lost it's shape. very disappointed. i am going to return top.
I couldn't even figure out how to wear this sweater the fit was so odd. the arms cut off short and the seams don't hit your shoulders where they should. all the extra fabric around the collar is just confusing and unflattering. moving around in it was not easy. i will return this one!
These pants are a great buy now that it's on sale. even though the weather is warming up  it can be stashed away until next cold season because it is timeless. the fabric is thick but not bulky  the side zip is flattering  and the buttons add a touch of flair  which make the pants look very tailored. size 6 regular fit me well on the waist and hips (i'm 5'2"  26 waist  36 hips). i cut off 4 inches of the hem so i can wear it with 3-heels. i prefer the regular size for elevenses pants because the
I love the print of this dress; the deep blue really is striking. i agree with the other reviewers that it has no lining and therefore  it's hard to justify the price. i can't seem to part with it yet due to the lovely print and the off the shoulder style is romantic and flattering. still on the fence. . . it would be better as a sale piece.
Pros: pretty  nicely made.    cons: the fabric is stiffer than i was expecting  and the blouse cuts in under the arms. (i don't mean that it is tight or digs in  but it cuts in; you can't tell in the angle of the photo.) the blouse is short as well  and  as i am curvy  it really stuck out all around at the waist. worth trying on if you have a straighter figure.
The color and quality of this sweater are fantastic. the reason i only gave it two stars is that the height of the neck didn't seem right to me. it looked awkward and too high to be left standing upright  but when folded over i wished it were higher so it formed more of a turtleneck/cowl. i will be returning the sweater because of that.
I ordered the red and am watching for my size in the green to come back into stock. i was already expecting my bra straps to be exposed  not a big deal as with shoulder length hair it covers them so i found this top to be exactly as pictured/described. it fits like it looks on the model and i thought the color to be spot on. i have washed it once in the washer on cold and dried only for a few minutes on low as i like to do with delicate knits to regain shape and i think it looks as good as it di
I purchased the black in the store and wore the next day. so soft and lays nicely  pretty sleeve detail. quality and fit as expected. the arm holes are a tad larger than i prefer  but i typically wear a camisole under tops so it doesn't bother me. for reference  i'm 5'8  36c and purchased the medium.
This blouse is a disappointment! it runs so large  it looks ridiculous. the cute is super wide and flared. they must have it pinned on the model. it is not flattering at all. i really thought this could be cute. not worth the money either! it's expensive and ill-fitting. for reference i am 5'3 and 123lbs and wear a 2 or 4.
This dress hit my waist in a weird spot and was too short. i would not have felt comfortable bending over. it was a tad too full which wasn't flattering either.  i really wanted to love it bc they design is adorable.  i need to return it!!
I love this dress  but i am 5'7" and a size 12  so am a bit curvy. this dress was great on the bottom  but the way that he did the top of it made me look even more busty than i am. i returned it for that reason. however  if he would make that "skirt" as a stand alone  i would buy in a second.
These pajama pants are beautiful but very sheer and very delicate.  not ideal for a mom with kids
I am petite (5'). even the xsmall petite looked sloppy on me. i also disliked the nude fabric under the lace- it made it look cheap. i wanted this to be the perfect lbd  i  just couldn't make it work on my body.
Loved the look  quality was great  but didn't work for me. too busy and off-fitting. i did return.
I loved this shirt! flattering and pretty. it's hand wash only or dry clean. i hand washed it and the blue t-shirt part of the shirt shrank  and now the front of the shirt is too short for me. would not recommend due to shrinkage... too bad.
This shirt is cute  nice cut  but i don't love it. best as a sleeping tank.
I bought this dress for a fall wedding and upon receiving it was very impressed with the quality of lace and the color. however upon trying it on the seam up the back was slit so high that my undies were visible. i would like to assume that the dress that i received was defective... it didn't really make sense given that the length of the dress was appropriate  i did not have time for a return so i had the seam completed. after that alteration (on my own dime) i was very happy with the dress and
I ordered not one but two sizes of this dress to try on and was hoping to ultimately wear to an event - one 00 petite  one 00. the style  color and cut are all perfect. one not so minor downfall  however. the zippers on both dresses were faulty - they both broke in the same spot  both during the first time just trying them on. i can't get either of them to even budge now - will either need to take back or get fixed. very sad about this.
I love this top!! very comfortable and versatile!!  i will be purchasing the top in all the other colors!!
This jacket is just too small for me anyway and i am no way big. i am tall and athletic and this thing looked like it had shrunk in the wash. there are so many better fitting other types out there  this went back
This dress did not work for me. i tried it in my bigger size 6 since i am coming off winter weight gain. the dress fit tts but was squishing the breasts like tight bandages. i have smaller chest and the stretch bodycon fabric of the bodice made me look flat-chested. the straps did not sit flat on shoulders  i assume because they were not pulled tight enough by the chest. the dress was uncomfortable and felt strange on. but i can see how others with more curves on top will love the support of the
This is the perfect tank. it's super soft  great colors and with a shape that allows you to wear a regular bra. best of all  it was offered in petitie sizes. for me that means i finally have a tank that doesn't gap at the arms or scoop too low or flood me with excess length. thank you retailer for remembering us petitie girls with this wonderful tank!
Super cute plaid top. i love the colors they are vibrant and go well with my fair complexion. it is a short top and would pair well with high waisted jeans or skirts.
I love the beautiful flowy material and design. definitely runs a bit large. i ordered an xs and it needs to be taken in as well as taken up. i would have ordered the petite if it wasn't out of stock  so the length is probably fine for most. shimmery detail is beautiful.
This was an impulse purchase for me. a year ago i would have never considered a jumpsuit but they are growing on me. i had yet to find one that fit without too much need for tailoring. this one did the trick! i like that the cut is in such a way that you can wear a normal bra underneath it without it showing. the fabric itself is very lightweight so i would recommend a bra for some support. i like that the fabric is incredibly lightweight so you can wear it on a hot summer day. the jumpsuit is l
Wanted to love these pants  they are way  way  too long (i'm 5'4 128lbs for reference). i didn't love the way they looked cuff and didn't think it was worth having them hemmed. loved the color. would work well for someone tall and slim.
This jacket is worth every penny! it is light enough to wear when like 55/60 out or good when it is in the 40s with a sweater underneath. the fit and design of the coat is amazing! i love the full collar look - that's my favorite detail of the jacket. loved the green so much  i bought the coral too! i normally wear a 12/14 in clothes and the large was perfect!
Just received yesterday & i love this skirt! it's crazy soft  very flow-y and the higher slits on each side let it be more sexy than hippie-looking which i appreciate. great to pair with a funky pair of tights underneath. sits nicely on your body - hugs your curves.  only annoyance is it's a bit awkward to walk in as the material moves around your legs & gets caught a bit. you definitely have to be conscious of it as you walk.  i bought a m in gray which fit perfectly (i'm 5'9" & usually a 6). t
I am 5'2" and 115lbs......ordered the blue motif in small petite. they were not only too big overall but were way too long. i had to roll them up several times to get the right length. because of fabric design these would definitely have to be hemmed. i had to check tag because i thought for sure i got sent a regular length but they were petite. not sure if they are worth trying in a smaller size..... pants were really comfy but maybe too pajama like for my taste.
These are my new favorite leggings. they have everything i need - soft waist band that doesn't squeeze me at all  not overly long  subtle ribbed texture (black pair) that make them feel just a little nicer  and most importantly they are not see thru at all. so soft on the inside too. and this price is nuts too  i'm so happy with these!
The color of this is beautiful. i'm 5'8" and had to order the s because they were out of the m  so it's not as dramatically long on me as on the model  but otherwise fit - sleeves a little shorter too. the m would have been better. but it is a little scratchy wherever it touches my skin  so it's not worth the $$$ to me. going back :(
What drew me to this shirt was the beautiful silver and gold embroidery on the front. the shirt was folded at the store  which makes sense because if it were hung it up  fewer people would try it on. this shirt is sheer from the front and more sheer in the back. this is what bugs me about so many "clothes" that are made these days: they are so cheaply made  so thin with cloth  that you are forced to layer with a camisole or something else in order to wear it in public. i can't wear sheer clothes
The quality of the shirt is top notch. the fabric is lightweight and comfortable.  now the cons:  this top is cut like a square and fits wide which is not apparent in the photo. definitely not for me.
Eyelash sweaters are all so soft and cuddly but this is the only one i've found what doesn't make me look like a bear. the shoulder cut-outs really help create a   flattering silhouette. i'm 36-30-40 the medium fits well  slightly loose so the sleeve below the cut out hangs slightly. highly recommend.
I normally wear a size 12 because of my shoulders and back. after reading reviews after purchasing dress online  i was expecting it to be too small. it is  in fact  somewhat large. i love the way i feel in it. i am 5'8 and the length is perfect. i cannot wait to wear it. the black is so soft. love the boho feel  yet classic and feminine..
This sweater dress was incredibly soft  and i loved the button detail down the back. unfortunately  i'm an hourglass figure (32dd with 26'' waist). this sweater did nothing to flatter me. i tried it in 2 different sizes; the ps looked far too big on  but the pxs created an awkward baggy area in my midsection while fitting nicely elsewhere. the petite length was great - i am 5'1 and i would not have wanted it any shorter. wish this was a little more tapered in the waist  because the quality is lo
I really love the top but fyi it's really an open front vest and the under tank doesn't come with it. it's nice because you can mix it up with different colors underneath  but i think they should have noted that fact in case you weren't prepared to receive half of what you thought you were purchasing.
This gorgeous dress arrived today. the color is beautiful  but the sizing? way off. i cannot move my arms -- it is extremely snug across the shoulders. but  the rest of the dress is loose  as shown in the picture. if i went up a size to fit my shoulders  i'd be swimming in this dress. so  all you gals out there with anthletic tendencies: beware of this dress. it is for women without shoulders/with tiny arms. too bad. this is otherwise gorgeous & would look great worn over a sexy slip with the bo
I saw this dress in the window in the santa barbara store and fell in love with it! it is described as a robe in one post i saw but i think it looks so much more like a great fall/winter maxi. in the window display it was paired with a cognac leather belt which made it look even better.
Beautifully constructed tank--but the bodice isn't fitted and hangs straight down on me--perhaps better for a full-figured individual (i'm 5' 8"  34b  120lbs and the xs had no shape on sides). could've been longer too. size of armholes is perfect though (often they gap/show bra).
Love! i wish this came in additional motifs! hits at hip  i have a long torso  perfect for high rise skinny jeans and sandals.
This top runs small across the top. i was amazed at the material--polyester  i am sure--because the price was so high. it has a sheer layer underneath  which i think would make it hot in the summer. i love this kind of tank but it just did not look as good as it does online.
This is very large.  i normally am a s/m and i took this in an x.  it is a beautiful dress in color and fit but picks up any stain and i have had to have it dry cleaned after every use.
I live in ny and bought his coat for the winter  thinking since it was made out of wool it would be warm. this coat is extremely thing  more like a spring/fall coat and therefore i don't think the price justifies the quality. i am going to return and consider repurchasing if it goes on sale. i also wish it had a button or way of keeping it closed rather than just hang loosely.
I saw this jacket in the store and thought it was really cute..and finally a nice length!! ordered the xl because l and was afraid of shrinkage and it is no larger than the l. runs at least a size small with not alot of give. i will unfortunately have to bring it back.
Very happy with the fit of this sweater  which is flattering and unique. the ruffle elevates the piece. very soft and a good length for me (i got a medium) in both the sleeves and the body. the hole at the neck gaps a little  which may bug me as time goes on  but otherwise i am so pleased with this sweater that i am willing to put up with it. i ordered this in the red  which is more of an orangey red  which does not suit my skin tone. i will exchange for the blue/gray version.
Love this skirt. very comfy. looks like it's very expensive material but feels comfortable.
I was really looking forward to this dress. i tried it on and it does not wow like the picture. it came wrinkled  but i think even pressed it would fall weird. the side swoop falls funny  and you can see the seams underneath. and the top front falls funny  not quite sure what to do with it. it almost looks like a mock turtleneck until you fold it down. again  maybe if you get it pressed that would be better. the back is still beautiful though. i'm 5'3" 115lbs ordered a 0.  maybe on someone talle
I honestly never even tried this on - i ordered it and when it arrived it was not the kelly green color pictured  it was more of a dark bland green color. love the brand and very soft but had to return.
Beautiful shorts. make you feel like a million dollars. love love love them!    the robe to match is also adorable.
This shirt ran small and was more sheer than i expected. had to send it back.
Really like this dress but.....  the dress is lined in a heavy fabric and weighs a lot for a summer dress  worst of all there is no chance at all of getting the buttons through the button holes.  impossible!  has to go back
Intrepid soul that i am  i washed it in the machine in cold water on a 25 minute cycle  then put it in the dryer for 8 minutes  shook it out  hung it up  and it is just the same as when it went in. doesn't need to be ironed and didn't shrink. yes  the swing is vast  but that is part of its charm. pair it with a fitted piece on the bottom and no one will think that you are actually needing that much material to cover anything! i think it is fun  something i will use for years  wonderfully comfort
I think of tracy reese as running small  and usually size up  but the 8 was the only size left so i grabbed it and it fits perfectly. i got a million compliments on it and got rid of my other jumpsuits because this one is perfection. please note that if you are busty it will show cleavage  so you need the right bra.
I love this blazer! it's so comfortable! i just wonder if the company makes more "inserts" in different fabrics/colors? i'd love to be able to change it up a bit.
Absolutely love this sweater! it is a tad bit large. i bought it in a medium but because i like the loose fit i will keep it. it is very light and great for the summer. i've only worn it once so far and received many compliments on it. great quality as well!
I like the idea of this but had to return it. the fitted liner is attached at shoulders and awkward to get into. the shirt is too poofy. didn't flatter short and curvy.
Dress is darling and well made. however  it runs very large. i tried to size down but then it became a little short in xsp. would be great for taller slim women. the style is so cute. the online picture does not do it justice.
I don't typically write bad reviews  but this dress is so bad and i want to save someone else from buying it. i read the mostly bad reviews and still purchased anyway (my fault i know). the dress is super stiff ( i know denim can be that way and it is possible it would soften up after a few washes). i'm typically a 6/8 and the size small swallowed me  and the xs was big everywhere except through the bust (i ordered both sizes to try). i wouldn't recommend buying this if you are a size 8 or small
Okay  i love the blouse this brand has in the same material  so i thought i'd delight in this dress. i am a 5'7" hourglass but have a longer torso. i ordered the large in this  usually a 10 or 12 fits me.. but the waist hit much higher than my natural waist  and yet it was somewhat tight and completely rigid. the bust area was a little loose  and i'm a 36c. then the bottom flared out in sort of a flower fairy poof above my knees which reminded me of a navy blue oompa loompa dress.. and i love my
Ok...so after reading the other reviews  i'm sad to say i rated this as "runs small" only because i usually buy one or two sizes smaller in maeve than i settled on with this dress. it's actually an adorable dress but i'm sure you have to have the right figure. i don't think any one woman has the same figure as another and this dress is made for someone with a very definite hourglass figure. i have a large chest  a moderate middle and large hips. i really loved both sizes but i chose to size up b
I love this blouse  i've received so many compliments on it. unfortunately i just got it back from the dry cleaners and the color completely changed to a pale yellow! it also ate away some of the fabric  so now it's completely transparent... and i go to an organic cleaners!     retailer: if you can fix the fabric quality this blouse would be a classic.
Was very disappointed with this dress. it's very baggy  no shape. felt like an oversized sack. purchased in med. bust area was only semi good fit all else flopped :(
I was excited to see these jeans since they came in petite sizes and had a short inseam... unfortunately after ordering/returning several pairs  i found out that these are actually not petite jeans. please beware that if you are ordering these for the shorter inseam  they are actually 28 in... not 24 in as in the description. other than the inseam issues  they fit like typical paige denim.
As soon as my eyes touched these pants i knew my body had to. not only doo they look great  they feel great. the material is very soft with just enough stretch. they've quickly become my favorites. i loved the first pair so much i immediately bought the other color.
I loved these pants. the fit well and were flattering. unfortunately after three wears  they came apart at the seam. very disappointing and frustrating.
I never write reviews  but i just purchased this top at full price last week in the store. it's not a have to have top just to look at it  but once i put it on i had to have it. it's extremely comfortable and i am able to wear it while running around with my boys and still feel as though i'm put together.     i've worn this top now 2 times and after the 2nd wear i have 3 holes in the area where the waist line of my jeans sits. the first time i wore this top it was for only and hour or so. what a
I could live in these jeans  they are so comfortable. they are have the perfect amount of stretch and the fabric is so soft. i was skeptical because that usually means they lose their shape and i'm yanking on them all day  however  i have worn them 3 days now and on the third day they may have stretched a little in the waist. i am normally a 28  but can get away with 27 sometimes; i chose the 28 and felt the fit was perfect. by the way  i'm wearing the jeans with the cubanas ciara glitter boots 
I have purchased many dresses from retailer for weddings and events.  this is the first time i have been disappointed with the quality.  however  the sleeve on this dress ripped after lifting up my toddler son in the middle of a wedding.  the size 4 seemed to fit perfectly  but the fabric had no give.  it was not overly tight in the bust as i am bra size 34aa.  for the price  i expected better.  the color and style of the dress is gorgeous  so perhaps ordering one size up is the answer. . .
Nice basic shirt to wear with jeans. it is super soft and hangs nicely. runs true to size.
I was so excited to get this dress; i ordered the red  and it's a beautiful  vibrant  festive color. i am small-busted  5'3" and 120 lbs  and i got the regular xs  which fit very well  fitted but not too tight. i normally order petite  but i wanted the dress to hit a little lower on me than on the model; it ended up just above my knee  and i was happy with that. the shape is very flattering and i really like the scallop detail on the back v. the fabric looks substantial but isn't super heavy? an
The fabric wrinkles so easily and any slight moisture or liquid immediately turns into a dark spot on the blue grey...condensation drips from a glass  gel deodorant  etc. i tried the cream but it's very sheer. i had to return this dress-- not practical!
So thin and see thru it's not even wearable in public. extremely cheap and ill fitting for any price let alone this price. i feel like they will rip the moment i wear them out. going back.
I just received this sweater in the mail and when i first opened the packaging i questioned as to whether or not they sent to correct color. be aware that this "brown" is actually gray. i checked the site to see if it was even offered in gray  which it is not. additionally  the sweater is quite a bit shorter than the picture on the model implies. i still love it  the comfy coziness of it will be great for fall in new england. looking forward to wearing it.
I had my eye on this dress for months. i came into some extra cash and bought it at full price online and picked it up in the store. the purple pattern is nowhere near as soft as pictures. it was very bright which disappointed me. it's also made for more busty women. at a 34d i could in no way fill this dress out. the result made it look so frumpy and unflattering. i felt like an old lady in a bag.
I was disappointed in this bordeaux top  a brand i usually enjoy. i ordered a medium  my usual size in their tops. it was very very big and did not fit at all as pictured here. also  the fabric is somewhat sheer and while i tried it on wearing a darker bra  the combo of being way too large and a bit sheer was enough for me to return it.
Unique and stylish dress  looks much better on than in the pictures.
It hangs very nicely on the model in the picture but when i put it on it fit tight in the sleeves and upper back but huge in the front. the sweater was also sparkly which made it look cheap. i loved the lace detail in the back but the sweater was returned. did not fit well and was not good quality. very thin
Loved this skirt. it reminded me of the styles that i saw visiting paris this past summer.
Omg i am absolutely in love with this dress  i saw it on line and knew immediately that i had to have it! i decided to go into the store to try it and it looks even better on than it did on the website. the a-line shape is very flattering and the retro pattern and colors are amazing! the only down side if there even is on is that it is a little tight across the chest but i am a 36ddd so sometimes that happens  i just took a large rather than my usual medium. other than that  this dress is my fav
These run small in the thighs and behind just like most of the other cartonnier pants. i have four pair of cartonnier pants that are all size 10...which is a size or two up from my usual 6 or 8 in other styles. print is great! fabric is super lightweight and great for summer.
My size is 4 but because they did not have it i ordered 6. a little big but i can fix it.   the price was very nice.   i thought it said gray but what i got is more brown.
This skirt is very short. i ordered my usual xs petite and it was so short that the longest part ended above my ankle. that's quite off because i'm only 5 feet tall  and i wore it pretty low on the hips. it also flares out awkwardly below the knee. there are 2 vertical seems and they exacerbate the jagged appearance of the hem. i was drawn to the edgy style shown in the photo but in person it looks like my 5 year old cut up a skirt. plus  the fabric--while thick and beautiful and stretchy--has a
I am five four and one hundred and twenty pounds and the small fits me perfectly with enough room in the arms and chest. i am a 34c. the red is gorgeous and sweet. got it on line sale and worth it
This is a cute top but it runs pretty big. order a size down. the material is like a thick gauze almost  so i'd definitely wear a tank under.
Liked the netting around the collar but the whole blouse was very baggy. order size down.
Just received this dress in the mail and i'm in love.  it's beautiful and fits so well.  i was a little hesitant ordering a yellow dress but i'm so happy that i did.  ??
This is a cute dress  but just not a keeper for me. the top portion of the dress is fairly snug. i am normally a small in retailer sizes  but i would have sized up the keep the dress from pulling so much across the bust. otherwise  it was cute and simple  and the tulle was quite soft.  i think that i would have gone with a medium  but i am wearing a small in the photo. for reference  i am 5'5"  ~135 lbs  34c  and 27" waist.
This shirt was a little shorter than i hoped but definitely too boxy if i had ordered up in size. i ordered xs based on reviews i usually wear a s. it looks great with higher rise jeans or dress pants.
This dress is a beautiful classic ! i am 5"3 113 size 0 fits perfectly !
I purchased the grey in a medium  i normally wear an 8 or 10 in tops  36 c.. i found it to fit quite well  but it has the shape that seems common at retailer lately in that it is shorter and more boxy. so if you have a longer torso(like me)  you may not be the happiest. i loved the lace and didn't have an issue with that area being sheer  but the non-lace part is very thin. i did try it on with a black bra and it was obvious i was wearing black all around  you could even see the width of th
I'm usually a small (5'5"  116 lbs  long torso)  but the x-small fit well. the black does look see-through in the pictures  but i figured i could wear a cami with it. it is see-through in person if you are up close  mainly in the back and arms since the front has extra fabric in places. however  it is rather short  possibly because it is an x-small  and i'll need a short cami to fit under it or will have to have a cami hanging out of the bottom  which drapes nicely and a cami may mar that effect
This is my go to  cool  summer dress. it's very light and airy and extremely comfortable. great for 90 degree days!  highly recommend!
I'm so glad i tried this dress on to see how lovely it is. definitely a keeper!
The lace and fit were good. but the length seemed awkward to me given how boxy and flowy-ish the dress is. it felt like a baby doll with sleeves or something. and i hated the "outside" middle material  hated it. it felt cheap and odd when compared to the lace. maybe i was just not in the right demographic for this piece.
What is going on with maeve sizing this season? in the past two months  i've purchased two maeve dresses that run very small--particularly at the waist.  having many maeve items from past seasons and other recent retailer purchases  it's impossible to ignore that maeve's sizing is quite off. that aside  the vibrant summer colors and material quality are great. the skirt is lined but billowy and fuller than ideal. strangely  it's a lot of dress yet not enough at the same time. there bodice h
Unlike the other two reviews   i found this dress horrid. i ordered a xs since i am between that and a s. it was just too much fabric for me. . i have a small frame  so it was just so overwhelming  the armholes were big and i felt like i had a bag on me. colors were nice and fabric was soft and light.. the belt made no sense as others have said. length was good. i tried it on as soon as i got it and couldn't take it off fast enough. i literally ran to the post office and back it goes. this is my
The quality of the garment is high--a nice substantial yarn and a pretty crochet pattern  but the cut was totally off for me. i'm usually an xs/s  and was swimming in the xs. the arms in particular were huge and drapey  and the whole thing just hung on me (for reference  i'm 5'4"  120 lbs).
I love this top. i've washed it a couple of times now and i can say it holds pretty well unlike what another reviewer said. it's very good quality  for me it is true to size  i'm 5'2  127lbs  36b and the small was perfect. i wear it with a strapless bra. overall  a great purchase that i can pair with almost anything.
Love this top. bought it in both color ways. just adorable and washes well. great option for larger ladies.   retailer needs to provide more xls to be available in the stores. i shop at the pasadena store and see so many women my size shopping right next to me  and there is nothing for us. it is so sad that we want to spend our money with you  but you don't want it.
Detailed beading was beautiful. it's too boxy  way to much fabric in the waist/bust and tight on the hips. it doesn't fall boxy/boyfriend like. the grey fabric is not soft and is lighter in color than the picture. was hoping this would be my go to sweater for warmth on casual days-bummed.
This design looks really sharp on the image  but in reality this jacket felt more like a jacket you would get at forever xxi.  the fabric had that polyester/shiny quality to it that made it look cheap.  since the fabric was pretty soft  with a gray jersey lining  it felt more like a padded jacket than a constructed blazer.      i also thought the cut was small if you have a bust larger than a b  i felt like i was busting out of a size 8  and i am a 34d.
Love this casual and soft flowing top. its a nice loose fit. slightly big  however i'm petite. asymmetrical hem adds a unique touch. pairs well with a variety of denim skinnies...black  dark denim. planning to try with white ankle skinnies as well. the v-neck is just right. dips enough to show the neckline without revealing cleavage. it's the perfect lightweight layer for spring to fall. i even added a black blazer for a cool evening out. love this top and would buy in other colors.
I have been looking for a basic ivory sweater. i waited for this one to go on sale. the style is cute but the sweater itself is very stiff and heavy. unfortunately i decided to return it.
Love these pants i bought them in two colors! flattering fitting!! im 5'4 120lbs 36" hip. i bought these in size 25. sometimes i don't like petit sizing but these petite at 30" long inseam still gave me enough length to wear with heals. there is the usual good and bad with linen - after you wear them once you need to iron because they look too wrinkled and worn. the linen is light and washed - unfortunately i don't think these pants will hold up for more than a two years. i'll love them while i
This is a beautiful dress. all that's missing is a bonnet!
Pretty detail  fits nicely. i feel it runs very tts. it's a lot  though. fuzzy and detailed. it definitely takes over the outfit. i wonder about shedding as well if you pair it with dark pants or jeans...? it would be gorgeous with simple winter white pants at a holiday event. still on the fence  i don't know if its for me.
The lace inlet sleeves on this comfy top add unexpected detail that dresses it up. you can wear this with jeans or skinny cords  as well as a fitted skirt. the material is comfy and the neck is not too tight  nor too loose. i usually wear a small and the small fit the best. i tried the xs and medium and although they both fit  the xs seemed a bit too short and the medium was too long in the arms.
What a beautiful  comfortable material and the colors are stunning. i'm so disappointed at the unflattering cut. it fits like a shapeless tent  even the arm holes have big gaps that aren't snug. i am 5'2  105lbs  and ordered the xxs petite.
Cute dress. i say true to size - but keep in mind it is loose and flowy and i purchased in my usual size medium and it fits perfectly. it's lined so there is no need for a slip. very comfortable and cool. i am 5'6" and it is 3" above knee. i paired it with the gemline lariat turquoise necklace and have already received several compliments and my day is only 1/2 over!  a great priced dress which holds true to retailer's quality and uniqueness of items offered.
Always attracted to wool for its warmth and breathability. this jacket has great style that can be casual or dressed up some. it's slightly more boxy then expected which i think lends to the casual look. find myself wearing it a lot.
I fell in love instantly...but...upon looking in the mirror  it is 100 percent see through. at least the black is... i love it enough that i am going to try to put a cami underneath. however  that mayn't work. the shirt is lovely in and of itself  but at 48  i don't need a see through shirt. it is also defiantly about a size larger that expected. so size down. almost so good!
The sweater runs large  the sweater is designed in such a way that it looks very sloppy. i would never be able to wear it out of the house. however  the material is exceptionally soft and delightful. keeping as its a great stay at home & lounge sweater  but way over priced for this purpose. if you can get the fabric to lay correctly  you're a genius.
I pretty much love any sweater by moth. this one is no exception. soft  lofty  and a pretty shade (i bought in pink)  this will be a cold weather staple.
Dress ran very large in every way. beautiful design  lining and quality material. i should have sized down 2 sizes. item is now sold out.
I love the design of this and the pattern! it's comfy but a bit too much side boob for actually swimming. i like a bit more coverage  the front has great coverage but on the side... whoa!!!
Wow  that dress is short... at least  the epite was  not falttering on muscular thighs... perhaps a regualr size on that one would work  but the bodice was a perfect fit  so not sure there... i decided not to try it on  as i figured this dress is very seasonal  and trendy. otherwise  if you ahve the money to spare and leaner legs i would recommend it. the cut was actualyl flattering otherwise  i didn't have bunching issues like others  and my 30dd boobs fit in the 0p. color and pattern are prett
Ordered size 12  it fits but pulls a tiny bit in the midsection. also way too long  hits below my knees. the dress is beautiful: crisp black color  nice fabric  great neck. it's also the kind of dress that must fit well to look good. i had to return mine.
I ordered my normal size large and it fit well although a bit on the long side. the fabric has a waffle texture that's lightweight but warm and cozy. i got the blue and the color was a bit intense in combination with the tie dye affect and waffled texture. my favorite part are the lighter striations on the neck. that opening is really small. it just didn't suit me  so i returned but recommend giving it a try if it's calling your name.
I love this blouse because it's great for work with cardigan over it  and great for going out with skirt  pants or jeans. it is tts and very flattering  light weight  and comfortable.
I agree with the reviewer that said this product photo is misleading! you can't possibly wear this sweater off the shoulder as pictured! it does however provide a great fit  i sized down from large to medium...and the brown color is really pretty!
This is a pretty dress. i bought a size 0 and the body of the dress fit  however  the sleeves were too long. had to return  as the loose and longer sleeves made the dress look too big on me.
Loved it online for its modern cut and print. however  when i received the item i was disappointed. i ordered my usual size 4 and i was swimming in it. i like oversized things and understand that this dress is made that way; however  this was not flattering. i would say i would have needed to size down to a 0 and perhaps it would work but i didn't want to take another chance. the material seemed almost crepey  which i wasn't neccissarily expecting either. bummer that it didn't work out.
I ordered this sweater in a s and i am happy with the sizing. i am 5'6" 130 and athletic build  it is not a long sweater and looks just like the sweater on the model. i typically like longer sweaters but this will look great with a pair of flare jeans and a nice belt.
While i have to agree with some other reviewers that this is not the most flattering coat (as a size 12/14 with hips  it does my hips no favors)  but the comfort and warmth make up for it. this coat is so soft  it's like wearing a puffy blanket. unlike typical puffer coats  it does not have any kind of vinyl feel to it- but nor does it have any wind or water resistance at all. with all that said  the comfort and cosy feel won me over. i've received several compliments as well  so maybe it's more
These leggings are perfect!! i normally struggle to find pants that are comfortable and flattering but these are exactly what i've been looking for. they are so versatile - they can be worn for a lazy day in or a night on the town. a new staple in my wardrobe!
Love these shorts. they do run large  i wear a 29 in pilcro and the 28 in these shorts fit comfortably with a bit of room to spare. the turquoise is definitely green  and not as bright as what i see in the online photo  but still a nice color. they have a funny smell but i'm sure that will wash out.
Incredibly flattering and going to be useful for multiple occasions - i needed a 'default' black dress and this is it.    only downside - it's pictured with a beautiful grosgrain ribbon at the waist  but does not actually come with the ribbon. i'll be trying to find something similar at a ribbon/embroidery shop  as the dress would really benefit from a slightly cinched waist.
I love this silhouette. it is such a flattering cut! but the prints didn't work for me. please make this in black! or grey! or any solid color. pretty please...
I was so excited to receive these jeans. typically  wide leg jeans are a no brainer for me--super flattering and in chambray  i thought  they would be stylish and comfortable. but i found these to be verging on mom jean. something about them seems not so cool. maybe the color of the wash  the weight of the fabric? not sure  but they don't lend themselves to current looks. sadly  i will be sending them back.
I really wanted to love this cardigan and did until i tried it on. the arms are so tight! i ordered in a m  which is my normal retailer size  but couldn't move my arms. took it back  was going to try in a l  but store didn't have any. for the price  i need to be able to move my arms!
I had higher hopes for this dress and perhaps should have sized up  but it was not very forgiving in the stomach area on me. i still love the dress and the look of it on the model  but was less than thrilled with it on myself. i am 5'5"  135lbs  34c  and ordered a size small.
This dress is indeed so lovely in person. i am so glad i ordered 2 sizes (0p and 2p) based on the straighter-looking cut. i am 115 lbs  5'1.5"  adn 30dd bra size. verdict  the 2p fit better. why  the cehst area is a little snug and hte buttons kept trying to open (and did# i would have ahd to leave it pen and wear a tank under this dress... not an option with such a unique piece.    other things: color: wow  very nice in person  i was afraid that the colr would wash me out  but no  i have very p
I saw this one for the first time today in-store and was not impressed. it is a lacey material with an under-layer  so with a different cut other than a swing dress i would have fallen in love and it would have been absolutely gorgeous. unfortunately  i did not like the swing dress cut  especially not in white. i wasn't sure if the designer was going for a throw back to the 70s or a shortened version of my grandmother's wedding gown  but either way it was not working for me. to be fair  swing dr
40% sweaters...i couldn't pass it up. unfortunately  when i raise my arms  my tummy shows (i'm 5'6")  so i had to return it.
Such a great purchase! the fit is so flattering to my 5'3" frame. i usually wear an extra small/small  but i opted for an extra small after reading a review; i'm glad i did. i also did not get the petite  but i imagine it would have a similar fit without the length this has. it flows  yet hits my curves in all the right places. i will say  i'm a c cup and if you have larger breasts  the extra small may not accommodate them as it is just right on me. the black is so slimming especially when pared
Hi  i would have to agree with all of the reviewers.i unfortunately had to find out for myself. mistake. it's huge. i love the quality and design but even if you sized down two sizes it wouldn't help.
Iordered hte petite after trying the rregualr size in the store  and i will have to wear heels with the pants... or get them hemmed... the color choices are all great  i wanted navy  but i have a pair of grey ones that look similar  so i deciced on the netural if my size is stil lavaialble in yellow at sale time  i will be grabbing those as well.    i went with 25  my typical size lately (115 lbs)
I originally purchased these in a size 27 and they were big. i returned them and got a size 26  and they did stretch out after wearing them once - to the point where i could probably have gone done to a size 25. the cut  color  fabric and distressing are great. i am 5'3" and the pants are a tad too long for me to wear them with ankle booties without looking odd. overall  i love these jeans and wear them a lot!
Don't know why but i didn't have high expectations for this dress. turns out it's uber flattering! makes my waist look tiny  accentuated bust. perfect for those of us with straight figures looking for a little more curves. bottom half of dress has heavy silky linking. top half unlined and a bit thin. color is almost pearl -- very very light gray. i'm between xs/s (33b-26-36  5'8" 120lb) and went with a small. hits an inch above knees. sleeves slightly loose through upper arm which is always bett
I ordered the navy/gray combo in size xl. it was too heavy and uncomfortable to wear. it also attracted so much lint. the one i received must have come from a store because it already had a lot of fuzz on it. it added weight and was unflattering for my shape. the colors do match the photos online. the length also matches the model's photos. it just didn't work for me.
I was really excited about this sweater  but the fit was terrible. the sleeves were the right size  but the body of the sweater was a tent - absolutely no shape. they must have clipped the sweater on the model. for reference  i'm 5'4 and 120 pounds and ordered a size small.
This top is oversized. i normally wear large but thought an xl would be best for sleeping. it's huge. so stick with your normal size or a size down. pretty print. fabric is a bit coarse. undecided about trying a size down because i'm particular and they didn't wow me. also ordered these in the lighter color and they fit the same.
These run small (i am 110 and got a size 4)  they were a tad tight on top. the waist fit but felt a little too snug  short from waist to crotch and then bloomed out in a nice but stiff ish material. they are a dark blue animal print. i felt like bozo the clown goes to the jungle. they looked so silly i had to laugh. even with the 20% off  these are going back. not even comfortable to lounge around the house in never mind being seen by anyone in person!
Loved almost everything about this top. the colors are great  comfortable fit  but the length was a little too long for my 5'4 frame. i also wasn't a big fan of the large side slit. i would still recommend this great top.
It is a proper fitting oversized shirt. however  it is very flimsy and even see-through as a summer weight shirt. i returned it because i don't want to wear a tank or cami under it during hot weather.
This was pretty to look at: nice weight  lining  colors. i tried it on and whoa. ridiculously bad. i have broad shoulders and a small waist and this accentuated the broadness of my shoulders and eliminated any hint of shape below that. the model photo looks great  so i imagine this will look great on anyone with slim shoulders and narrow hips. definitely not for me  though...
I don't know what the problem with this sweater was on me but it just didn't work. it was too wide across the breastline  i think  creating a boxy shape that just didn't look flattering. outside of that  the sweater was lightweight and seemed well made. i was sad to send it back  especially at the sale price.
The colors on this kimono are amazing and i really loved it  however  i too noticed the 'delicateness' of the material. it is so delicate that parts were starting to fray - including next to the kimono's label. so sad.
Not what i was expecting  but pleasantly surprised.  was envisioning a more structured/tailored trouser  but these are closer to leggings  albeit very substantial ones with "real pant" touches like a zip/button front and (faux) pockets.  they're form fitting  soft yet supportive  stretchy  incredibly comfortable  and tts.  i'm a pretty legit 10 in pants (30/31)  and the 10's near perfect  with the rise coming right to my belly button.  think i'll grab another pair now while they're available.
Was excited for this shirt. i usually wear a medium to large depending on the cut and material  so i went with a medium. i was swimming in it. definitely recommend ordering a size below your normal.
This is a really lovely jacket - silky soft fabric in a pretty color and quality construction throughout. i am so sad that it runs very small - especially in the arms and across the chest. i will be returning it .
I was so excited to order this sweater. i thought that the moss color would make it a great basic for work or casual days. ordering it on sale made it all the better. however  when it came i was so sad to see how muted the colors were  with little definition. the sweater itself lacks definition as well  just shapeless and hangy. i also did not expect the angora like hair on the sweater which bothered by eyes as soon as i tried it on.
I'm 5' 120 lbs. i'm posting a photo. one lady was concerned about it being ok for the over 40 crowd. i wore it was a cami under. see pic. it is comfy. it has pockets and fits beautifully. i ordered a 6petite. it's a little long on me. buy i still like it and am enjoying wearing it.
Really loved this - so soft and snuggly. was unsure about ordering shirt size - (s) or jacket size for layering (m). ordered a small. fits perfect! definitely wouldn't have wanted the medium. 5'4  135 lbs for reference. love this one!!! great find.
Absolutely wonderful! they fit like a dream. you could dress them up or down. i'll probably live in these jeans forever.
I am here online to buy this pant in both colors. i tried it on today in store in regular lengh   but am opting for petite size. i am 5'2. i could have purchased the regular length  which hit me above the ankle  but i think p will be more flattering and better for summer.    the pants are a woven material  and kindof shiny!? the pants also may be a bit see-thru in sunshine due to the structure of weave. that said  i am buying them anyways because they are that comfortable and professional. i may
The neckline is very tight and itchy. the arm holes are deeply cut. the length is not as long in person as it is on the model in the picture. it's short-waisted. it's too bad because the embroidery is very pretty.
Bought the pink color in the store and just loved the way that they fit me. i ended up ordering the light blue. perfect for a cool summer evening. can be worn with sandals  wedges  or converse sneakers!
I ended up returning it just because it didn't do much for my current postnatal figure  but otherwise this top is just so pretty and unique!
I had been looking for something like this to add to my summer wardrobe. fortunately for me i saw these in the retailer catalog and thought  how perfect  exactly what i've been searching for. they are a bit pricey  and crotch hangs a bit lower on me because i'm only 5'3  but it's not enough to make me send them back  i will have them altered if need be  they are to cute.     i'm a size 4 in pants and ordered the 29  i wanted some wiggle room  i didn't realize the denim has stretch  i will keep the
This dress is absolutely gorgeous. the fabric is light and comfortable. the colors are even more vibrant in person. it has a keyhole opening in front  which might not be for everyone  but which i really liked. the only things i would caution buyers about  is that it is not lined  and for shorter buyers (i'm 5' 3") it runs a bit long  so if you can pick up the petite  that might mean a better fit.
I wanted a nice  well-fitting top that would work with trousers  jeans  and skirts alike  and be a nice wardrobe staple. i got two of these tops - one size s (black) and one m (turquoise). the size m is gigantic and i have to return it. the size s is also a whole lotta shirt. the top is really long and has a multi-level bottom  as well as the pocket  making it not just a simple top but a rather "loud" top. nevertheless  i'm keeping the size s (black) as a versatile shirt that i can hopefully tuc
The fabric and color are absolutely beautiful. the shape of the dress is strange - fitted and tight through the waist  and enormous everywhere else. it was not flattering.
This dress is gorgeous  but the cut of the neck and arms is designed for girls with a slim frame only. i wish it worked? the fabric and pattern are beautiful. sad to send it back.
Was really excited to get this  but got it on and i was swimming in it. i'm not a tiny girl thicker athletic build and the large was massive. sadly had to return. don't know if i'll try a size down.
Buttons were broken off when i opened the package  stretchy at waist  not good quality for the price.
I am a pilcro hyphen fan and have bought nearly every embellished jean they've made in the last few years. these  however  are just not for me. i love the faded wash  and i thought the embellishment would be fun for the fall and holidays. however  there's just so much of it! it's beautifully done  but the jeans actually feel bulky and stiff in the pocket and upper thigh area. i've had other "beaded" jeans  but they didn't feel quite so "crunchy" when i wore them. one other note: these seem to ru
I loved this shirt so much i bought it in 4 colors. however  two of them shrunk. i was very disappointed.
Pretty tee  but not worth the price.  lace is beautiful  but fit is blah.
This is so pretty and 60s like. i tried on a return size 2 and it really fit. i am usually a zero so i was surprised. the regular size fit me really well. length was perfect. pretty heavy and substantial though. love the 3 d effect. 115 lbs. 30 dd. 26.5 in waist
These are a perfect staple piece: you can dress them up or down  and they're insanely comfortable! even if you hold a lot of your weight in your butt and thighs like i do  i feel like these pants do such a nice job of being form-fitting and flattering without squeezing the life out of you. i have always loved any and all retailer pants in this style  because they just fit so well and last a really long time. i will continue to buy these for many  many years!
This top is very cute and if you are short you will love it. i am tall and the dividing line of color block kept rising up over my bust so it looked weird. it made it look like an ill fitting maternity top. had to go back.
This is the first romper i have have purchased and is so cute! i am in between a small and a medium usually (5'7  135 lbs and athletic). the medium fit okay  but with some extra fabric--the small fit better and was much more flattering. the romper feel well-made. can't wait to wear it!
These fit around the waist but there is so much fabric and it poofs out and looks awful and bulky. no way.
A truly unwearable slip: scratchy fabric  bunchy skirt  teeny bodice. it feels like you are wearing wrapping paper--the foil kind.
Lovely print and colors. interior lining was so super soft  but it did lay right on me  felt very big and bulkly and i wasn't a fan of the single snap closure  esp being so low  so i decided it was not for me at that price and returned. 5'5"  135lbs  34c and the s was too big. it is beautiful and i will consider the xs if the price is cut further.
I love this top. the seam does go across the bustling but if you are small chested like me...it is perfect. very bohemian and an almost classic look with a very contemporary twist. there are splits up the side that show off a great pair of leggings. i wore this today with some lysee black and grey patterned leggings  a long grey camisole  and some cute short free people booties...i may have gotten 20 compliments. love it.
I love the pattern of this shirt but there is definitely a design flaw in the arm/armpits.
Over all this is very cute . it is very short. but has very good quality material.
Ugh! i am not sure how anyone is giving this good reviews. i tried small  medium and large on and huge huge huge  boxy  fabric bunched at the shoulders and did i mention it's way too boxy? the fabric and pattern are so pretty but the fit is just awful. i would try this one on before purchasing.
Initially  i bought this because i liked the color and style of this trench coat. i thought it could look very chic and polished. the problem was it was too large and too wrinkly. i'm 5'2 (115 lbs) and ordered an xs because petite sizes were unavailable. but i realize that a petite xs would've been a better fit. also the sleeves were too long even with an xs. i've already returned the product.
I got this dress on line - i ordered several sizes after reading the reviews. it does run small. i usually wear a 2 in dresses and needed a 4. i love the fit and it is a beautiful dress - however the little black pin dots are easy to snag. i wore it once - didn't feel like i was wild that night - ha! - but when i took it off that night it had 3 places where it had snags - ugh!
When i saw this shirt  i knew i had to have it! i got the white with yellow flowers  and the pattern is perfectly charming. i'm 5'2" and petite with a short torso. the petite xs fit me perfectly! the material is pretty thin  so i hope it stays in good shape. until then  i can't wait to dress this up for work and dress it down for casual summer days.
Love my new wardrobe addition. fits perfect and goes with everything
These pants are perfect for any casual occasion. they can be worn to run errands  hang around the house  or even go out with friends. i love how versatile they are and they are so roomy for those times when you don't want to wear jeans or anything tight. they are a bit pricy  but i'm very happy with how they fit.
I purchased this dress off the reviews.unfortunately i have to return it. i expected it to fit as they said. i am 5'1'- 120 lbs. 35/b-c. i got the s petite. i could not even get this dress on over my chest. the waist was on top of my chest.   i really was disappointed . the material is so soft  i would have had to purchase a m in a regular to fit me. and it would have looked terrible on me. so  i would say  for a tall thin girl   yes   a short girl a no. and i am very petite.
The top of this suit was not proportioned well. i am normally a 34c so with swimsuits i vary between a small or a medium. the cup size on this was very small for a medium. the band to hook in the back was almost too big. there was no way to adjust the band in the back and the cups were clearly too small for a c cup. the print was darling but unfortunately this will have to go back.
This is really my favorite top! i wear it all the time  like every day. it's so soft  a beautiful rich color (blue)  has nice detailing  and so flattering on a hot momma like me who still has a little tummy from my three lovely children. snuck it in to my dressy office on a friday as well - with a conservative skirt and high heels. only downside is the lack of other nice colors. the stripe isn't cutting it. got my regular xs and it fits perfectly.
I bought this vest hoping to be able to throw it over long sleeve tops for fall and it's perfect for that- it adds a bit of detail with the buttons and pockets on the vest!
I loved the look of this dress online  so i was excited to order it  but when it arrived i found it was not at all how i expected it to be. i thought the material would be more lacy  but it seemed pretty cheap. there was also some boning at the waist which is nice in theory  but it made the material poof out just under the waist  making me look like i had a belly. no matter what i did i could not get it to lay flat. returned to the store and bought the embroidered perennial dress instead  which
Took another reviewer's advice and sized up to an xl. unfortunately it grabbed around my midsection and wasn't attractive. love the color. and it's dreamy soft. the sleeves are attractive on less than toned arms. my problem was with the side view which emphasized my tummy (it clings) and you could see a lot of my bra because in the larger size the armholes are large. sadly returned.
Great summer pants.....nice material  easy to take care of. i'm 5'6" and usually wear a size 29  which i purchased the neutral. they might be a little bit loose  but they fit great  and best of all  they truly are slimming. i love them so much that i just ordered the green.......hard to top the sale price
I love florals and this top can be worn with jeans and also i have worn it for work. it's very comfortable and light.
I tried this on at the suggestion of one of the sales girls. i was skeptical of the simple shape  but when i put on the green one  i didn't want to take it off-ever. i am 6' and thin- the small fits me perfectly. i loved it so much  i purchased the blue as well. love  love  love!
I usually wear small  ordered xs and it's still way too large. quality not that great  just meh  returning it.
First of all  i'm not a "navy" person at all. i much prefer black or other bright colors. i received an e'mail showing this trench last saturday and i pulled it up online and noticed how darling it looked. i didn't order it  but i went back the following day to check it out again. it was nowhere on the website. then a few days ago  back it popped up online again. i noticed it wasn't in my local store so i thought i'd go in and look this weekend. i just had to see it. i actually made it to the st
This dress is just too baggy overall. i am 5'6" 140 lbs and a size small was so unflattering. i can't go down in size because the waist detail will get too high on me. it was already a little high on the small.
This is ruching done right! i tried this dress on and the two other women who saw me in it went to try it on as well.  it is fitted  but comfortable and because it is well cut the ruching hides a multitude of sins to leave you looking sleek and curvy in all the right places. it is also a versatile layering piece and would look great with almost anything. so unless this particular color is your nemesis  this dress is a winner!
It's perfect. perfect fit  long enough to wear leggings and cover my behind. it's perfect.
This runs sooo big! i normally wear a large ( 145lb  5'-4"  36dd) but due to the limited sizing small or medium i chose small because it looked big on the model and this style of dress seem to run large. the size small that i ordered couldve fit two people easily together! i loved the pattern  color and the slip underneath actually fit well but i dont want to look like im wearing a tent  lol. also  the back is slightly longer than the front  something i couldnt see from the pictures online.
This is a cute shirt  but it has slits at the bottom of the hem so that the front bottom of the shirt has this small rectangular "flap." it's not visible from the photo. i think it'll have to be returned for this reason.
The geometrical pattern of this sweater is slightly asymmetrical  with nice geometry to it. the colors are more muted and subtle as compared to the picture. i was very excited to see it through its transparent bag. unfortunately my delight faded after i pulled the sweater out. first  it weighs a ton. a thread for each color runs around he whole sweater  hence much more thread went into it than in a typical sweater. second  it runs large. i am usually an xl or 16-18  but this sweater has lost of
I love the look of this dress & had high hopes  but it didn't live up to them. have no doubt that it is well made & beautiful  fully lined with lovely detailing around the neck. i am 5'6"  155lbs with a postpartum belly that i'd like to hide  so i chose this dress as the reviews say it's a bit loose & forgiving. i found it to be so loose that it looks big & entirely hides my figure! i considered ordering a small  but knew that it was simply the cut of the dress & going down a size wouldn't chang
I agree with the previous reviewer that the fabric and details are beautiful  but with the shirring from the neckline and absolutely no fitting anywhere  my shape got totally lost and i looked huge. the difference in length of the dress and slip really bothered me  as well. possibly great for pregnancy  because you look like your about 8 1/2 months anyway.
1. the wide leg/crop is a cool trend. but not great on me. i'm pretty standard in size/build: 5'6"  135 lbs   size 4. i felt like i just looked oddly shaped with them on.  2. and maybe this is the issue: the size 27 (my normal size in every citizen pant i own) was about 2 whole sizes too big for me. i mean  i felt great about myself. but...wowza.  3. when i took them to the store to try on/exchange  they don't even carry them in the store! so i just returned and will try something else.
Wow  i got this top in blue and i'm in love. love the whole off the shoulder trend and this does not disappoint. i sized a bit down ( usually get a 2) and i got a 0. since it fits a bit snug and the back shows the fau- tank in the bank  i find it really classy.. like your on-trend but not trying to bare too much skin. i think it could even be worn in a professional setting because of that. its very upscale looking in the navy.   would totally buy different colors if it came in others  but i'm no
They are very comfortable and have kept their shape after a couple of wearings. the pants can be used for informal or on the dressier side. the spandex in them is contributes to the comfort.
Great tank top! loved it so much that i ordered 3!
Bought this dress for engagement photos and was a little worried about sizing  but when i got it it fit perfectly and was very comfortable. it runs true to size. my only complaint is that there was a missing button on the sleeve  but because there was an extra it was easily fixed. definitely recommend!
I love the teal color of this t-shirt and the macrame design at the top is beautiful  however  the top is way too large.  i usually wear a size xs or s in retailer tops  so i ordered the size s  there is so much fabric below the chest it fits like a maternity top.  i know if i order an xs  i will have the same problem.  below the bust  the top is not flattering and it&amp;#39;s a shame.
This is completely see-through and i think it would look awkward with a cami underneath because of the highly structured shape. fairly cute fit  but not as a layering piece.
A good sweater but something about it was just not right for me. just didn't feel like i would wear it.
My stylist brought me the regular xs to try on in the store and almost told me i should buy it... the length seemed just fine  but i usually get petite so decided to order the xs petite before deciding... good decision  there is less fabric in the skirt  so it seemed anyway  so i am less overwhelmed buy the skirt. the cut is super flattering  and length was actually better (the longer sides hit  me around the knee). i wasn't sold on the dolor  as i have pale skin  but there is enough dark to com
I finally ordered a pair of these jeans after seeing so many rave reviews  and when they went on sale. i'm leaving this review for women who share my body type.    i'm slim with longer legs  and don't really have curves. i typically don't purchase jeans with an inseam shorter than 30''. for reference  i really love the fit of paige and m.i.h. jeans.    these jeans have an inseam of 31''  which i thought would be fine. but for me  the cut wasn't flattering at all. i typically look for jeans that
I had high hopes for this sweater and when i found it on sale online  i jumped at the opportunity. i am 5'11"  slender and always wear a small in retailer tops. i purchased this in the mint   size small and as soon as i opened the bag  i had doubts. the fabric is terrible  thin and scratchy. it is not soft and supple as i had imagined. the mint color looks faded and the shape is awful. the length of the arms hits in a bizarre spot  the overall length of the sweater cuts me off at the torso and the
This picture does not do this skirt justice. it is gorgeous. however  the waist was so small that the sequins dug into my waist making me think of a medieval torture device. unfortunately  it was the largest size so i can't size up. i'm 4'11" so the length was perfect - it came to right above my knees. i love the skirt so much that i'm considering liposuction.
I'm actually surprised no one has reviewed this yet. i took the plunge because it seemed like a classic wardrobe staple  nothing too flashy or fancy  that would go well with many outfits. my thoughts below:  __________________  pros:  - fits tts. i'm normally either a 10 or 12 and got the large. it fit well and the elastic isn't too tight. fit very well for me because i have wider hips. so if you're straight or slim  you could probably size down.  - exactly as pictured. it does have a nice flow
I love the design and aesthetic of this dress but when i tried it on it was less than flattering on me and looked almost night gown ish:(  really sad because the material is gorgeous! i bought it for my sister instead because i know it will flatter her body type more than mine.  i'm rather full on bottom and top and it seems to look better on slender women.  the only complaint  is have is that the straps seem delicate. the actual material and fabric is crazy beautiful though!
I finally visited a store with petite  and this dress was there  so of course  i snagged it to try on... i love the colors  i mean awesome  the fabric is also very soft  but the cut was just huh on me  nothing to go raving about .   i think it would be nice for a casual day but i often just wear joggers or yoga pants on casual days... so for the price i left it.
This shirt is enormous and  as the title of my review suggests  it looks like a men's button down. the fabric is quite sheer  but that's actually what i liked best about it. i just looked completely shapeless in this top & wish i had realized it before i wore it out because i would definitely have returned it. perhaps if i had bought it 2 sizes smaller i might have liked it better - it didn't fit anything like the model photos suggest - it's huge. not "easy/slouchy".
This is simply the most lovely  interesting  flattering sweater ever. i got the green which is a lovely minty color. couldn't be happier!
Love these shorts. i purchased them in the peach color. the color is perfect  the fit is perfect  they look great. highly recommend!
I thought this top was so cute but when i tried it on  it is so big on the bottom  it looks like a tent. i normally wear a l or xl and took it back to the store to try on a medium and that one fit better but the bottom was still too big. sad.
Beautiful overlay runs large had to return for a smaller size
I love this jacket. it is great for lounging because it is loose and comfortable  and it's great to have pockets to stash stuff in as i shuffle cozily around my house on cold  lazy days. it's not the world's most flattering fit (it's kind of boxy) but i bought it for comfort and i am delighted.
I loved the texture and look of this skirt. very classy. but it fits tight-- i usually take a 4 or 6 on skirts depending on where the waistband hits and i could barely squeeze into the 4 and could not get it zipped. i'd need to go a size bigger in this one but now it's unavailable :(
On the mannequin this looked adorable. it is made well but if you have any bustline it just billows out below like a tent and is not flattering. if it had less fullness it would have been really cute.
Ordered this in white and the peachy color- the armholes were gaping. not well designed. i don't recommend this tee at all.
I was really excited to get this dress  i initially ordered a small (i am a size 4) but when i tried it on  it was really tight. the bodice at the top fit strangely-i had to shorten the straps quite a bit  and the dress just looked off. i love retailer and get all of my dresses from there  and the look of the dress on line was beautiful  but just didn't fit right. i did love the lace look  and would love seeing more dresses with this design.
When i saw this dress i knew i had to have it! i loved the colors and design. i am a wedding planner and dresses with pockets are my "uniform"  i was a little concerned after reading some of the other reviews  but i ordered anyway and am glad i did! it fits perfect and looks just like the photo.
I originally purchased a small after reading some of the reviews. although it did fit  i felt it was just slightly snug across the chest and upper arms. i returned for a medium (my usual size) and it was perfect. it had the same look and flow as what you see in the model pics. i love love love that it is long-sleeved and has pockets!!!!! i went ahead and ordered the other print as well! i wore the first one to work with some knee high boots and got many compliments. highly recommend!
I ordered this shirt in the xl in both colors and i am in love! as a large chested lady  with a bit extra around the middle  this shirt is super flattering and perfect for everyday summer weather. i'm sure i will be wearing this all summer. yay retailer!
This top is much stiffer  more baby-doll and boxier than pictured. lining is stiff too  and colors more muddy than shown. i wear boho tops all the time and this looked terrible on me (i have broad-ish shoulders and a chest). i thought it would be a fun  drapey top for transition to fall but unfortunately it's going back.
This top fit me great across the bust - true to size there  however  it was very loose other than that (outside of the peplum of course). it did not seem flattering for my body shape/did not give me much shape on top. i was wider than i should be/am. this may work on some body types  but did not work for me. it was a nice feeling  comfortable top however.
I wanted to like this dress  but it just did not work for a bustier frame. the fabric is quite loose  does not nip in at the waist and is not particularly clingy  so if you are well-endowed  your assets create a bit of a shelf from which the rest of the dress just hangs. as a result  the swing comes from the apex of your chest as opposed to from your hips (as on the model)  and the asymmetrical hemline makes the look even more awkward. on smaller curves  this would likely be very flattering  but
These pants are amazing! i love that they zip in the back and the material is just right. i am 5'7" and they are the perfect length. i bought the black and now buying the gray. i hope they come out with more colors!!!
I am allergic to wool and have a hard time finding winter sweaters. was really excited when i read material content on this item only to be disappointed upon arrival to note that sweater is 10% wool. also found it to be very tight in arm area. for reference i am 5'10"  130 lbs. and would say have slender arms! cute design that will work for some!
I was sorry to miss the original offering of this dress when it went on sale  so i jumped and ordered the gray/blue/green/black stripes when offered. i purchase almost all of my retailer clothes online  the dresses i am interested in are not generally offered in my local store  so there is always that moment of truth when i get to find out if something i fell in love with actually works for me... as everyone else has said  this dress is fabulous! i got my usual size 10. i am 5'5  small busted and
This shirt is unflattering and boxy. it does not look cute at all on me. i am returning.
I bought these a great alternative to black jeans but they are headed back.  the texture is nice but let's call them what they are- thin  leggings.  not worth the price in my opinion.  honestly  i can't seem to find a pair of pilcros that i like so i'd spent the extra money on a better pair of black jeans.
I too  was dubious about the dry clean only label but purchased it anyway because it was really cute and comfortable.  the shorts part is lined which is nice.  not see through.  the waist is a smocking with elastic.  it's also very thin thread.  the first one i tried on had a couple of stitches ripped in this waistband and because of that the fabric sort of bubbled out.  i bought a different one knowing it was delicate.  this isn't a romper your going to want to shimmy over your hips because of
I love the style of this top. i just wish there were a slimmer version of it. unfortunately  this top doesn't suit my long  slim midsection. it is so wide  it completely hides the waist. i think it would look adorable on a different body type.
I bought 2 in the store.  i usually order large petite but i was in the store which doesn't have petites  so i tried a large  and it was tight in the bust  but i loved the shape.  i ended up buying xl's and taking them up at the shoulders to make it a petite fit.  gives me a small looking waistline.
Tried this on in the store  very soft and hangs well  better on  than the hanger. needless to say i bought it!
I had high hopes with the other positive reviews  but it didn't work on me. nice stretchy fabric and nice length but it was bunchy in the front and didn't lay well  and didn't do my bust any favors. maybe better on those less pear shaped. hopeless on me.
Color is not like photo and fit doesn't work if you're busty
Love this sweater. comfy and trendy. can't wait to wear with my new retailer knit leggings!
I really wanted to love this piece but it was very large. i'm 5'2 and ordered xs/s and i have return due to size.
As a long standing retailer shopper  i have seen the beginnings of retailer great quality and detail and somewhat over the years disappointed of quality going down; this vest is so my style and executed very well as being fully lined and sewn well  hooks to close are substantial; the fact the faux fur collar can be removed is a real plus  but though the colors are delish  the fabric is a bit questionable.  the one i ordered on line and sent to me is fresh and not petted  but looking at the same vest
This looks so cute...but don't be fooled. it is so poofy. it does not look in real life like it does on the model. it poofs way out on the sides and looks ridiculous. i was so disappointed.
These joggers are soo cute. they fit great!!  i seriously love them!! i have worn them so often  i may have to ban myself from them for a week.  i am 5'4 and the length was perfect for a jogger pant.  i got an xs because the small looked too baggy.   the xs loosened up a little after wearing them and are perfect.
T.la got it right this time. love the fabric. the color is perfect for summer and the color is a great shade of green. exactly as pictured. the left side has a slight cut with silver buttons. exactly as it looks on line. i certainly recommend this top. love it.
Just received this  been eyeing it and with free shipping and 15% off (due to online survey i took) i bought it. it's flattering  the color and design is very pretty. i just really like it!
I love the style of this top  and the longer length would be great with leggings and fitted shorts. it's somewhat fitted on the top yet it's a-line shape gives a full swing at the bottom. the ruffled v-neckline is pretty  and i like the longer length of the short sleeves. but with all these attributes  unfortunately they cut the armholes really big  so when you put your arms forward  the sleeves pull against your arms. i was trying to decide if i should keep it anyway  but for $98 dollars i thin
The dress is gorgeous  material is soft  great design! but runs at least one size small and very long. i'm 5'3 and even with 4 in heels it's way to long. alteration needed
I loved the colors of this vibrant dress. the beading is fabulous. the dress does run small  i sized up one size. i wore it out and got a lot of compliments
As with most retailer tops  this sweater is boxy and baggy through the middle.  i ordered an xs.  it's a very nice  pretty sweater that i'm going to try in an xxs.  the v-neck does go down rather low so it will need a tank underneath. the lace accents are very delicate and make the sweater look more upscale.  the white is a soft winter white.
Cute top  a little less fitted than i was expecting.
I couldn't wait to try on these shorts after reading all the positive reviews about them. my local retailer had them in the bright blue and coral in my size 26 and 25. i purchased the 26 and am content with them. they are a very lightweight cool pair of shorts. they do have a little stretch to them and the length is perfect.. i have to note they do wrinkle a bit but perfect summer staple. .
Beautiful tee and cut with a classic  simple silhouette. nice weight and true to size. i'm 5'7"  132# and the small fits me like i like. not tight at all  with room to allow for shrinkage. i really appreciate the higher cut of the neck as most tees i have purchased last several years i love for the overall fit and material but am a little self-conscious in due to the low cut neck. maybe if i weren't as small chested this wouldn't be an issue for me. i definitely recommend this tee.
Bought with the 25% off retailer was running -- usually a little skeptical of maeve regarding size but the material of these shirts is excellent. bought the ski print and the red penguin print. perfect for low-key and where i work!
After having my third child  i was looking for clothes to hide my tummy. i've always loved the comfort of a romper  but the typical cinched waist was never flattering on me. this romper does not disappoint. it hides areas i want hidden  but does so with style. i get numerous compliments whenever i wear this. i cannot say enough wonderful things about this piece!
I had high hopes for this dress but my husband said i looked pregnant and that i was wearing a tablecloth- and he was right! i'm usually a size 10 so perhaps this would look good on a talk lanky person with a very long torso... but probably not. way too much fabric around the midsection. it's a shame because the fabric was really pretty  but too stiff a hand to drape well.
This dress is quite lovely  but there are a few things to know:    the blue color is much more of a dark teal  with more of a dull green tinge than i expected. still pretty  but definitely not a pure blue. i loved the look of the blue online  but i think the pink might have worked a little better with my coloring.  the dress is a bit low in front. not inappropriately low  but if you are hoping to be able to "adjust" by pulling the shoulders back a bit or something  be aware that the bodice drapi
I was so excited to receive this top!!! the material and design is gorgeous but it is way way way too short!!! i'm 5'7" with an hourglass shape/average build and it barely hit the top of my pants! it otherwise fit true to size. so disappointed!!!! and for the price  it really should be cut better.
I ordered this dress is in the yellow/orange. the colors are pretty  the pink detail is nice and that's about it. the slip underneath is a form fitting yellow cotton - no big deal. the dress itself runs very large and in an unflattering way. if i was pregnant  it was perfect. the material feels cheap to me and this  along with the roomy fit - is why this dress will be returned.
I love the way this dress fits and flows! it does run big. i normally wear size 6 in retailer dresses. had to downsize to 6p. for reference  i'm 5'10" and 34c. the pink color is 1 shade darker than shown in the pictures.there was a tear in fabric along the zipper. called for replacing the dress. the sales rep was very pleasant & agreed to send another one!
The dress is very pretty  but the sequins are dark blue! i imagined they would be silver/gold  given the photo  but the dress is essentially light pink and blue.
I like the idea of the dress  just not the fit in the bust. i'm not particularly big (32c)  but it just didn't fit up there. i wish the dress had built in support because you can't really wear a bra.
This blouse is pretty sheer  but perfect for a summer day. good coverage in the front and under arms on the sides for limited bra exposure  and a very cute opening in on the lower back.
This denim dress is best worn by someone over 5' 8". i had to spend a lot to have it taken up and it still doesn't look that great. so if you don't want to pay over $200 once altered  do not buy this dress.    the best part of the dress is the top. it was true to size on top.
This dress is beautiful in person  the details on it are amazing. the only problem i had was that it ran small. i am usually an 8 or 10 in retailer dresses  but had to size up to a 12 just to be able to breath. the top on the 10 was tight in the chest and arms. when i sized up to the 12 there was more room  but not by much. the embroidery detail on the dress is the best part  it is exactly as shown in the picture. plus it has pockets which is always a plus for me. lightweight and great for warm we
Overall a very nice and unique dress. it does have too much going on  but can be worn in a versatile way  and if you are small chested  without a bra. i am not a big fan of the material  i wish it was softer. it definitely has a gypsie/bohemian look if that is what you are looking for!
The fabric and color of this dress is beautiful. two problems with the dress that the picture does not show. 1. it's long. i'm 5'5". this model must be over 6 feet tall as the length hit 5 inches above my ankle and that is not a flattering length. the other issue is that there is toile underneath making the skirt extra puffy. i'm 42 and the puffiness reminded me of prom. color and fabric great. but had to send back.
I just received this in the mail and really enjoy it! it's a nice color and very gauzy/ airy. the only think i didn't love is that it's a little bit in the chest area  which is rare considering i'm usually a m in that area.
I have gotten so many compliments on this blouse! material is very comfortable and the fit is great!
Great fit  the fabric is supple and of good quality; has a fasionable look to it but is also very very comfortable. can't beat that!
I ordered the green and lilac. the pink color was not offered when i placed my order so that was not an option. i found that it ran true to size  but was a loose fit. the lilac color had white streaks from the the-dyed effect  but it looked like someone had spilled paint on the front in one area so i did not even try that one on. for now  i am keeping the green one  but it is a deeper green than pictured and also a looser fit than on the model. i do like that it is 100 percent cotton and very so
This is such a pretty top. i do not feel it runs big  as another review mentioned. to fit the sleeves comfortably (i do not have large arms at all) i did choose to take a small over my usual xs so the body is a bit llonger than shown on the model (a bit more of a tunic fit on me). it is really a pretty top either way  the xs fitting like it does in the picture on the model and the s fitting a bit longer. worried just a bit that it might develop holes as some tissue tees do.
I really like this blouse. it's hard to find a short sleeved button down that the sleeves don't stick out and look weird. this one does not have this problem. it is a bit sheer  but i don't mind wearing a cami with it. it is flowy... but not boxy/baggie. has a very nice  flattering drape. i'm 5'3"  110lbs.  32c  petite frame. the 00 regular fits great. i'm often a petite (especially in pants and long sleeved tops)... but went with the regular size here bc i wanted the longer length.
This blouse is super cute but oddly sized. i bought a size up and still i squeezed into the top around the bust. the front slit is too low and shows a bit too much cleavage  so this had to go back. i really tried because the fabric is wonderful and the shirt is light and breezy for summer  i just couldn't make it work  .
I love the design of this blouse and the pattern  but the colors are a bit darker than in the photo. the quality is pretty poor. i feel like its a snag away from being ruined and thrown away and for this price it is just not worth the purchase. sending it back :(   it comes with a tank top; just to let others know.
This shirt is simply pretty. it's light and dresses up a distressed pair of jeans.
Cut out design  no seems or hems.   very disappointed in retailer
I was searching for an ivory cardigan and i ordered this in my usual size small and an extra small. after trying them both on  the xs looked better  i like a more fitted look. a tad tight i the arms when layered but otherwise would have been a good fit  but the acrylic in this garment was too itchy for me around the neck. i thought this might be the case but took a chance anyway. also the pockets add a bit of bulk in the hip area  definitely not something i want.
This dress may not be worth the full price of $138 but on sale it is one huge bargain! so easy to wear and so incredibly flattering! seriously  i don't know why it's not sold out at this price! it hides all flaws without looking oversized or bulky. i totally disagree with the reviewer who called this dress "sack" like. found this tts. looks great with pumps or flats.
I waited for this dress to go on sale and when it did i bought it right away. i am disappointed!!! the lace fabric is very stiff. i should have listened to the previous reviewer. i feel like it is poking out on my arms and neck. although i appreciate the careful placements of flowers on the dress  had the fabric been different  i think it would be a great dress.
I feel like a pessimist but then again nothings perfect. the only thing wrong with this stunning sweater is no button or snap so it just bags open. love it tho
The fit on these is starkly different than the "black hawk" version also being sold online. i could barely get my leg in those! i typically wear a 27-29 - a 28-29 in this brand of jeans - and the 29 fit great. i have very large calves  so most "kick out" cop flares don't really provide the full effect for my body type  but these worked really well and i could definitely see the flare at the bottom. i am 5'8" and these hit right above my ankle  just as pictured online.   ----------  what made me
I wanted this so badly  to wear as a dress over a slip. but it is not cute or flattering when you put it on. it made me look 20 pounds heavier than i am  and the fit was awful. i usually wear an xs in dresses at retailer and this swallowed me. i am petite but this is just waaaaaay too big. so disappointed because it's so pretty.
I loved the star pattern of this top but the cut was odd. it is very big in the chest and full at the bottom. for anyone who is petite on top it tends to look sloppy.
This dress is very pretty and feminine but was unfortunatly much too large for me. i ordered my regular xs and it was swimming on me. i also found the embroidery to be imperfect in several places (unraveling) and the placement of the embroidered designs were uneven at the bottom of the dress  which threw off the flow. the largest medallion was off center in the front of the dress and gave it a crooked effect. the material is nice and the pockets are a plus but i returned it.
I bought this as a present and am very happy with it! the pattern is fun and i like the slouchy fit.
I agree that this blouse is boxy  but because it's not too long in length it evens it out. any longer or shorter would make it look too boxy. it's great for work to dinner during the week & goes great with jeans too.
I bought this shirt immediately because of the pattern  when it arrived i was super confused. it's not a tee shirt like it looks like in the photos. it's made with cotton fabric with a tiny bit of stretch. i ordered the xl because i have brought shoulders and 36e bras size and it fits like a 2x or larger. i would say order two sizes down. also it hangs like a maternity shirt. i might order it once it's on sale  which it definitely will be  but even then am not positive i would keep it.
I have worn this with skinny jeans and espadrilles untucked and with black linen shorts. i also wore tucked in with high waisted slim fit black pants     i got compliments on all the looks. i think it's a fun and cheerful  feminine summer top.    i got mine on sale so i thought was a fair price for what it is. wouldn't have paid full retail.    requires ironing.    i am a size 4 and 5'3 and have a small.
I love this cardigan! i ordered the pink and it's a really pretty color. i wish it didn't run so big but xs will be cozy all winter.
These are very comfy and look great on! i would like to get a second pair in the lighter color.
I love this jumpsuit. it's unique  comfortable and fits true to size. you can dress it up or down depending on the event. every time i wear it i get loads of compliments!
The design/shape of the dress are quite flattering  flirty and feminine. but.... there is no way that the dress i received is new. the color is a faded washed out red and there are black stains all over the belt area. there is no tag... the fabric looks droopy and laundered and is not crisp  stiff or new. i am very disappointed by the quality of the item that i received. undoubtedly this one is going back.  dear retailer - please make sure that you do not send pre-owend clothing articles to
I've purchased pilcro jeans in the past and they've held up great. unfortunately  the material used for this particular jean is a far  far cry from what it used to be. the thighs of these jeans start pilling (yes pilling!) after just a few wears. i've never had jeans do this -- whatever denim blend they are using is a complete disaster.    don't buy these -- you will be very disappointed.
Just love this sweater  have it in both colors. can be dressed up or more casual!
The neck is so big on this sweater  i couldn't make it lay right. the shape of the sweater is odd. it is really wide on the upper torso  but tapers near your waist. it did not look as depicted on the model. the sweater is a lovely color  i liked the two-tone  but overall the fit was too weird for me. material is soft and it felt really nice on  but just too oddly shaped and a crazy big neck.
Beautiful top... the print is really unique and already received compliments on it when running my daughter in for school. it's a little fuller on the bottom and flows out so i think i may pin it but it's beautiful. definitely worth getting!
I love maeve and was so excited for this top which looked like an update from a last season favorite. unfortunately the fabric was stiff  it was tight in the chest and went straight down from there. returned.
I just ordered this top and so far really like it  it is pretty and feminine and comfortable. the one thing i would note is that the lace running down the center has holes which you can see through  unlike the lace to each side. it's not extremely noticeable  but i am planning on wearing a cami under it. i ordered a small and it fits pretty well but is definitely on the looser side  i wonder if possibly the extra small would work for me  but i'm fairly tall so i went with the small.
This is a cute top  but not worth the price in my opinion. i love the colors  pattern and soft material used. however  the fabric is quite thin and just not worth paying $58.
This dress is flattering and seems to be made well. the polka dots add interest. i am usually a 2 and did go up to a 4 in this. .
Ordered the biggest size available  the large. the arms are so tight  i couldn't get it on. looked like it may have fit in the body so i don't understand why so constricting in the arms. i don't have big arms  either. fabric is thin but the color is pretty. can't recommend. i'd pass on this one.
Maeve is hands down my favorite clothing brand so i am a little biased but this is just the cutest top! i saw so many pics of this top in the gallery that i had to have it. i waited for it to go on sale and ordered it in my usual size 6 which normally is perfect in maeve tops. this is just a little snug in the shoulders but not enough to send back for an exchange. if your on the fence  go for it!
This is a lovely dress that i would consider to purchase if the dress is lined and the key hole is not deep. tts
These are very cute but very  very stiff. have washed 3x and still not relaxing. not a bad thing but they are a little uncomfortable the first hour of wear. my waist is smaller and generally  have gap in waist to get fit right in hips. super cute with sandals  mules  duck boots.
Like most people here  i wanted this beautiful dress to fit. so  i decided to see for myself if maybe  just maybe the negative reviews were wrong. they weren't. if you have any sort of breasts at all  the top probably won't fit properly. i imagine a narrow upper torso  like a 32 or 33  possibly a 34 might find the top part of the dress closes properly  but with a 36 c  i could not get a size 12 to button up. the waist hit at a strange spot  and despite the picture showing a narrow waist and grad
I love this top and find it flattering  but the black and white polka-dotted motif that i purchased definitely has navy blue in it -- not black. kind of disappointing that the color description was so inaccurate.
I have featured a picture below. i'm 5 feet 120 lbs. i ordered an xs petite. i'm pretty busty so i don't like a loose fitting top  so ordering a size down did the trick. it's super soft  one of a kind and the edging of the neckline is delicate looking and soft and therefore adds a feminine element. i'm enjoying wearing the top.
Bought the gold pair and dripped something on them so spot cleaned them with water only. my white washcloth turned bright yellow. the food came out but surrounding area was super faded. so i returned them  took the second pair home  wore them a few times  they stretched out so much  washed them in cold water and they have splotches that are really light. these pants are way too much trouble.
This top is so beautiful!  really well made with solid embroidery - not the thin lightweight type.  i thought it ran rather large but i don't have the bust to fill in the top area.  i'm usually a small in tops (sometimes medium due to my height 5'8") but went down to an xs so the arm holes didn't show too much.  length was still great.  a steal at the sale price!
This shirt was so weird?it does not fit like the photo at all. there seems to be missing a stitch or something at the top as it is wide open until the bottom/where it meets the other layer. i could wear a tank/camisole underneath  but it still just did not fit right. i do not have a large chest  but this was ridiculous. beyond that  the red color was just okay. even though i purchased this on sale  it was not worth the price and i returned.
First  let me say that the photo does not do this exquisite print justice! the fabric is worth framing! on a white ground  the tones of rose  pink  purple and touches of blue make it even more fabulous! the fit is a tad large  as i am 5' 3" and usually an size 6  but must size up to 8 or m because of my chest. even zipped  it is a tad big  but nothing that i cannot deal with. i don't really see the swing in the dress  as it does not flare out in any way  but is certainly is loose and flowing  bu
The fit on this is so strange. the middle string is definitely too long and the thin halter top offers hardly any lift. the print is lovely and the quality nice for the price. the cups are padded  which is nice i suppose  but would barely cover anything bigger than a c cup i'm guessing. i'm a 32dd  size 8 in pants  and size 4/6 in dresses and i ordered a medium. i also have a long torso  which probably didn't help.
This top is perfect for wanting that fall/winter look in warmer climates. the slits on the sides allow for a lot of movement and turtleneck is just right. i love wearing it with my paige bell canyon flairs and some clogs! my only thing i wish was that it was cut in so much at the top  as how you can see at the model's armpit  wish that part was a little wider it would be a bit more flattering. otherwise great top  i have it in black and been thinking about getting it in the orange color too!
The material is very soft and the lace has a beautiful design. it looks very elegant and romantic. you will need a racer back bra to wear with it though  because of the design of the straps. it is very flowing and i think the cut is flattering. the material in the back is slightly transparent so you might want to wear a tank underneath. overall  very pretty and i would highly recommend. (i purchased the white and yellow version.)
I loved the idea behind this shirt but it just hangs around the waist with tons of extra fabric. i suspect the model in the photo has the shirt pinned. totally unflattering making the chest look small and your midsection appear huge. maybe if you size down it would be better- xs was not available for me to try. also the lavender color is really washed out...
I really wanted to like this dress. i am 5'3" 125 lbs and this dress was about 4 inches too long. the hem created a puddle around my feet. i've bought other maxis from retailer without this problem. sadly it went back to the store.
I loved how this looked on the model  however  once i tried on in store  i was greatly disappointed. i usually wear a meduim and the small and extra-small were huge on me. there was so much extra material that i was swimming in this. i had such high hopes for this. there were no petite sizes to try on in the store but i am not sure it would have helped.
5ft 6inches  135lbs  short waisted  small bust (30dd)   the color is more watermelon pink than that slightly orangey tone that's shown on the website. i  ordered a six petite because i wanted it to be kneelength. the four petite also fit  but was a little constricted in the bust. the dress is weightless--100% silk! i agree with the other reviewer about the bust of this dress --it's probably not great for large chests because of the ruffles
This is a cute sweater  i agree that it's slightly boxy partly because of the side pockets which i think are cute. the yellow is darker than it appears on my screen  more like a mustardy-gold which is not great on my skin tone. i think it's true to size  i got my usual retailer size: xspetite (i'm 34aa  26" waist) and it fits just right. it's soft and a nice medium weight. on the packaging it was called a bomber  so i'd say it is cut a little like a bomber jacket.
This thing sheds so much it's almost unuseable but i used an entire roll of sticky roller and got it to the point where i could wear it with only a glob of fuzz on my underwear not other people's couches. it's cute and fits well other than that. buy a sticky roller!
Very attractive pattern and color. the black is so soft that it seems close to sepia. the length was fine. the fabric  meaning the dress  is quite heavy for not having a lining except just around the bra area---even though the facing didn't successfully substitute for a bra in my opinion. the arm holes are cut in quite a bit so one would have to find the appropriate bra.  the dress runs very large. i ordered an xs petite. it was about 2 inches too large (4 inches total) on either side across the
I love this top because it can be worn on or off the shoulders and looks equally as cute either way  i bought the red color and it is super cheerful and perfect for summer. looks great with faded jeans. i love the poplin fabric  although the stitching quality is shabby and i expect this won't hold up long enough to wear again next summer. for the price i feel like it should be crafted a little bit better. i am narrow shoulder'd and bra size 36 b or c and while a medium might have fit me better o
This is a wonderfully-made top. i love the colors! if you are busty you must size up! this fabric doesn't give (stretch) at all.
I really liked these jeans. i had to return though. they run small. i normally wear a 27 and could have gone for a 28 in these. maybe it was because i went for the petite. they can run a bit smaller.
This is a very lovely looking sweater. unfortunately  it runs incredibly small. i'm only 5'3" and the size small hit me above my mid-rise jeans. it doesn't fit at all how it's shown on the model. it's also a very delicate fabric. seems like it would snag easily. i was really hoping it would work as i used my birthday discount to purchase it  but i'm sending it back.
I recommend this dress because it is beautiful  stylish and well made even though it did not work for me. i tried the small and extra small. the first - way too big  lengthwise (hit my knees) as well as in the shoulders - the latter to tight across the chest - not for me but worth a try. i am typically a small with usually never have a problem with length.
I love pilcro jeans.  i have many pairs and usually i'm a 31.  the sales girl said to buy them a size smaller because they stretch out.  i should have listen.  wore them one day and totally bagged out.  hopefully they will shrink in the wash.
The dress had great potential  but the top sagged and made the dress look unflattering on me. unfortunately  i had to return it. the length was great  and the back and sides of the dress were nicely tailored and flattering. perhaps this would fit someone else better - i have a 34b/34c bust  and it didn't work for me.
When i spotted these online i knew i had to try them out! in the past charlie pants have always been too baggy in the legs for me when trying the regular sizes on in the store. well  these are described as 'slim  tailored' in details  so decided to order my usual size 6 regular. upon arrival  they were baggy in the thigh area  the rise was fine but the crotch area -pardon me- was a little on the short side. buttons were difficult to slip into the buttonhole & unbuttoning was a job! guess the hol
I'm a big fan of left of center as a brand  and this top is definitely a winner!  the deep green is gorgeous and looks fantastic with denim. the shirt is true to size and is flatteringly loose without looking too tent-like. highly recommend!
The smallest size  xs  was big on me  i was overwhelmed by the sweater. it is a bit of swing shape  doesn't hug the body. sleeves are interesting though  but not flattering on a petite frame. color is a pretty green  made me think of wintergreens. fabric may be itchy to some. just ok for me.    for reference xs bog on 115 lbs  30dd  26.5 in waist.
This sweater is perfect for transitioning into fall as it is not too heavy. it's flattering and looks great with jeans.
I purchased this in white my normal size being a 2  a size 4 fit better on me. i love the crisp white top with jeans and sandals  so much that i just ordered the same top in the raspberry color.     would definitely recommend.
I'm usually a petite  but bought in regular xs. perhaps a petite would have worked better  but this was way too low cut in front and back. i did not like the way it hung on me at all. i'm 5;2" and 105 lbs  but regular xs normally fits better than this did. i could barely keep the shoulders from slipping off. sorry  it's a return for me.
Like my title suggests this is lovely and perfect for summer. the lining however is not silk it's rayon and sat weird on me. it offered no coverage on my top and actually is quite useless (i do have a large bust). i have a free people slip that will work and because of that will i'm keeping the dress. the outer shell is silk and really lovely and the colours are true to the picture.
Definitely was disappointed in the fit of this potentially very cute shirt. just too large; too much fabric for me. i'm usually an xs and there was just no shape to that size for my small bod. i wouldn't have minded the longer length if there had been a better fit up top. i think the colors are also a bit duller in person. love the concept though!
I tried this on in a store and it was beautiful except the sizing was way off. i'm 5'11" and usually a 12 or 14. the 12 was skin-tight and the 14 was so loose it was comical - and even on my super long legs  the cuffs dragged on the floor. plus the lacy panels in the cleavage area are totally see-through and my bra was very visible. i was totally bummed. also incidentally  this didn't seem the best quality. there were strings hanging out of the lacy areas  and the waist tie ties way higher than
I tried this on in the ivory color because it was on sale and i thought it "might" be sort of cute. a comfy  flowy  warmer to cooler weather transition top. little did i know how much i would fall in love with it! i tried it on over like 3 things in the fitting room  including a black strapless maxi dress i wore into the store  and it still looked great! it is comfortable  loose  and goes with pretty much anything (i've tried and still haven't found anything it looks bad over). it's not super dr
I loved this shirt online and ordered it in blue immediately even though i usually hesitate to spend over $100 on casual blouses. unfortunately  i was super disappointed when it arrived. the lace does not contrast as much as shown in these pictures and it just doesn't look all that special. having said that  it is super comfy and soft and the sizing is generous - it may run big on you if you have a small chest. all in all  i would buy it on sale but certainly not worth the price tag!
I purchased this shirt with the purple colored flowers. while the cut is fine  the quality of the fabric is not great so the shirt is very see-through. will be returning it.
I accidentally found this gem at my store today. i adore layering my style  and this is a perfect edition. it's light  but has enough weight to it that it has some movement and doesn't stick to other fabric. i wouldn't quite call it "gauze" since its heavier than your typical gauze. it's super long. i'm 5'8 and it definitely went to my knees. when worn buttoned up  it's clean and classic. when worn open  it's cool  bohemian and edgy...while still looking totally put together. i adore this. wish
Love this top and the fit is very true to size. i am 5'3 and 144 and ordered a medium. the fabric weight is just right and not see through  the top did not gap and the length falls just over tummy without being too tent-like too snug or too long so can be worn inside or out. wish there were more color choices to order from. it was touted as red motif but i would call it more red-orange. i cannot wear orange but it is "red-enough" to pull off on my skin tone with the white background. the sleeves
These bottoms are very cute but defiantly cheeky! i would recommend sizing up if you want to have more coverage.
Beautiful fabric and beautifully made  but the pockets ruin it... and i love pockets. you cannot see from the photos  but they protrude from the sides a few inches beyond the skirt  and look strange and unflattering  especially from the back. they are unfortunately placed right below the hips  and the effect is like those french bicycle baskets  "panniers." if they were smaller and in the front  the dress would work. i am usually a size 4 and both the 2 and the 4 fit me well ? not too snug or to
When i saw this jacket in store  i fell in love with it. the colors with the quilting and gold studs are gorgeous. i am 5'3" 130# 36dd with petite frame. i tried a m on in store and the sleeves were super long and wide. the s was too small across chest and hung open oddly. the jacket is a nice heavy weight and great quality. i ordered a petite m and it was no better. i literally looked like a big marshmallow...a linebacker! the sleeves were so unflattering where it looked like i was wearing pvc
I really liked this top when i saw it online. i went to the store to check the sizes. i am a small or a medium. i tried on the s and the xs. even the xs was huge. unfortunately the xxs is sold out. i don't understand the sizing on this at all. it's a shame because the top itself is very pretty. just be sure you try it on before purchasing.
I was so impressed with the quality of this top that i bought it in all the colors.. it is comfy and thin. i purchased my usual size . it is so adorable with the lattice stripe..
I bought the blue dress  though the "blue" dress was a little more like grey according to my husband and i. the quality of the fabric was quite nice.    i have to return the dress because it does not fit me around the bust. i consider myself to have a good size bust (not huge)  but the dress seems to expect quite a bit smaller.     i was initially attracted to the dress because it looked a little more casual  which is what i wanted  but i guess i just wouldn't call it at all pretty.
This dress had my attention immediately online  but in person it was even prettier. i would not say the colors are very "pink" as the color selection indicates  rather browns (with possible pink undertones) and yellows  and even a splash of dark green in the print here and there. there isn't a ton of give or stretch to the fabric so a larger chest may need to size up. i am 5'5"  135lbs  34c  curvy/muscular frame and the size 4 fit just right (though i don't have a ton of extra room in the chest
The perfect jeans for daytime and bending down with the kids or dressing up later for night. i love that the cuff isn't sewn  so you can choose to roll them down too. with just the right amount of stretch  they are extremely flattering. they are definitely my new favorite pair this season!
These ran true to size  but the fabric is very stiff and unforgiving. i'm athletic and have lean legs  but these seemed to cling to and roll on every dimple on my thigh. and sitting down was uncomfortable at the knees because of the stiff fabric. i loved how they fit at the waist  but the legs just didn't work for me. sadly returning these.
I tried on 4 different dresses and every one of them had a slightly different  awkward hem line. they were asymmetrical but only a tad bit so it just looked crooked. finally found one that wasn't so bad but decided not to purchase because the perfect fit for my arms was too big in the boobs. i am a curvy  athletic build  with broad shoulders and small waist  for your reference.
I am very petite  however  fuller on top (34ddd). this top looks fabulous! it is cut in such a way that every part of your body looks slimmer. goes with jeans  dress pants of skirt. i highly recommend.
This top is super comfy and casual. the slit/design in the front gives it more of a stylish look than your average white long sleeve tee. would definitely recommend.
Love this top! tried on a small in the store as it was the only size the had. the sales person ordered me a medium on line. i am wearing it tomorrow for my birthday! the stretch fabric is very flattering.
This dress is very comfortable. the fabric is really nice and the dress flows when you move. classic and pretty. i ordered a xs and i'm 5'3 135lbs 34b and the fit was great.
I was surprised by the other reviews. expected to live in this all winter but found the style bulky and awkward. the hi-low cut with so much bulk just wasn't flattering. i wish the armholes had been larger so that the body of the shirt would have fallen closer to my body. the armholes are the size of a fitted shirt which pulls the shirt wide rather than allowing it to drape a bit more. it is incredibly soft but just not as comfortable as i'd hoped. it went back.
I ordered this in an xs  which is my normal size in retailer tops. the stitching and detail on the straps is beautiful  but they were also somewhat tight across my bust and across my back. it puckered in a strange way that wasn't flattering. back it goes  unfortunately.
This dress is super cute  flattering and well made but it runs very small. i am usually a 6 so from other reviews i ordered an 8 and it is still tight in the hip area. it zips but the fabric pulls a bit in the front and it rides up when i walk. i am going to try and exchange it for a 10 because i think i'll get lots of wear out of it.
I love this tee  the fabric is very comfortable and the v-neck is not too deep for petites!
Love these pants. ordered in petite . love style  great fit but so long .   keeping but have to get hemmed 2 1/2 inches.   decided to order the black & green as well.
So comfortable-so versatile-so perfect
I agree with the first reviewer exactly. beautiful fabric and "idea" of dress (looks stunning on model)  but huge and shapeless in person like a tent. not at all what i expected when ordering a 2 petite. sadly  has to be returned.
Bought this dress for my boho bridal shower and loved it! it was perfect for the season and fit like a charm. i normally wear a 4-6 and needed the 2 so heads up that they run a little big.
I saw online  great quality sweater dress- reviews about seemingly extra fabric- easy fix with a seamstress. i have very sensitive skin and wear long sleeves under sweaters. wool  angora  mohair! 5'1  xsp  tts (length/arms) but lots of extra fabric for width. just trying it on was too itchy for me.
Fit and style very nice. returned because way too long and bottom detail interfered with hemming. they were at least 4" too long. i am 5'8" so heels would fix the issue but i don't want to wear them with a comfy pair of pants.
This is the most fabulous sweater ever. i really hesitated spending $368 for a sweater but this sweater is worth every dime! it is soft and luxurious. i tried it over a cashmere cable knit dress and it looks unbelievable -- i also tried it over jeans and it looks equally as good. if it came in another color - i'd buy it too.
Unlike other reviews  i did not have a problem with the seam. this is a cute shirt that can be dressed up or down.
I ordered this after reading through the reviews. i realize the reviews were mixed  but thought i'd take a chance. unfortunately there were more things wrong than right with this dress. right: i loved the various colors (yes  it shows black but is actually brown). i also loved that it was lined and the lining was semi-attached to the dress  with the same hi-to-low hemline. wrong: as said by others  the sleeves were very tight! the dress is roomy and does swing but unlike the model  it isn't real
Great pair of work slacks with a flare. wear these with boots give a very rich look. super flattering cut and flat waist. highly recommend these for fall through winter!
I loved these pants.they are so comfortable. however  after just wearing them twice  the threads of the leaves are fraying  and leaving lint on whatever i sit on. the leaves at the seat of the pants are now slowly disappearing. this after wearing twice to work! i imagine after a few more wears that the leaves at the seat of the pants will be close to gone  or at least much less "white" with threads then the rest of the places. this is super unfortunate and will be returning. too bad  they were l
Very lovely sweater - lightweight with cute detailing at the side of the waist  sweet but not saccharine bow at the back of the neck. i really wanted to love this sweater  but it had to go back because it looked  um  used. pilling along the arms before i even got to wear it? it got returned  sadly.
Ok  so who likes to buy bathing suits? apparently i do  because this one arrived today in the white and rust  and i'm buying the black one in a second! i can't pass up such a flattering suit. the ruched bottom gives just enough extra so it's not skin tight to your bottom. and the top has just the right amount of cover. the whole suit is easy to wear  nicely made  and flattering through the roof.
I purchased the bird design top for my 17 year old daughter. the fit was true to size and it's a very unique item for casual wear. it looks nicer in person than in the photo.
I have never been able to find a maxi dress that just fits me. i'm pretty short (5'2") and the xs petite comes exactly to my ankles. no hemming necessary! the neckline is very flattering and the waist is a semi-empire elastic waistline that makes this dress both elegant and comfortable. the dress is very stretchy but doesn't look like it. it is absolutely one of my "summer staples" now - especially for traveling. if i could have this dress in fifty different patterns i would.
I... love... this dress. the fit is incredibly flattering (and i'm currently carrying more weight than my normal size). i selected a 6  which is about a size larger than normal  and it was a perfect fit. i tried on a larger size for measure  and the 6 provided a (perfect) fit and flare. i've worn the dress on three occasions  already  and each time friends remarked on their admiration for the dress  itself and flattering style for me  i have no issues  at all  with the cut  and to me  the bias a
I'm keeping these shorts because they are cute. i sized down as the previous reviews suggested and they fit great  but they are snug around the legs. i think i would have preferred a more baggy look  but then they would have been too big around the waist (had i ordered my typical size). they are soft and comfortable  the navy color is really pretty.
I was disappointed by this dress. i listened to the reviews and ordered one size up  a size 6 instead of my usual 4  and that was the correct size. fit like a glove. unfortunately  the style left much to be desired. this dress is very costume-y. i felt like a wench from the renaissance fair. not a good vibe. it is a beautiful dress  i'm not denying that  but not as a dress you would actually wear to an event. there's just too much going on with the tapestry look and the many types of fabric. i a
I loved this t-shirt when i first tried it on: a good cut--not too drapey or fitted. but then i washed it (laid flat to dry) and it shrunk so much that it's unwearable now. so disappointing.
I really wanted this to work. the style and colors are great and it is comfortable too. i didn't like how big the skirt portion was or how stiff the fabric was. it looked like a plaid tent on me but not in a terrible way. it could work on the right body.
I am very petite (size 00  xxs) and i got the smallest size this top came in and it fit great in the bust and arms but the bottom billowed out a little too much for my body frame type. it is so beautiful i had considered getting it altered  but the material was simply too see through so it had to go back. beautiful gauze material and detailing though!
In nature pilco fashion  these jeans are amazing. i wear them rolled down  they have a slight boot cut  but not overly. i am 5'10 and the bottoms fall right to my heel- meaning the hem doesn't drag on the ground-finally the perfect pair of jeans. they also do not stretch out and keep shape after wearin all day! highly recommend  although a little pricy for pilcro  worth the splurge.
I'm tall (5'11" and busty) and found this top to run on the short side. as others have said  the material is soft and stretchy  but the rouching created a bit of a bulky look. i returned it.
The picture makes the shorts look structured. i assumed they were made of a heavier cotton material. i was disappointed when they turned out to be a light weight polyester.     also  this runs way too big. i am busty and did not fill out the top of the xs.    i wouldn't even buy this at the sale price.
I saw this online when it was full price and was tempted to buy it because i liked it  but did not. when i saw it on sale  definitely wanted to try it! i bought a large and it was too big in the torso area  so i returned and got a medium and it fit better and flattered my figure better. i so rarely wear a medium in anything retailer  so i would say this runs large.  i have received 6 compliments on this dress the first day i wore it! it is comfortable  love the colors and design  it is fun. very g
For reference i am 5'7"  145lbs  34b normally a size m/6. i got the med and it ftt size. i ordered this online and it came a bit wrinkled so i'm hoping once i iron it out it won't be a problem when i am wearing it. i was looking for a nice flowy tunic-like shirt that was flattering but nothing too constricting. this is the perfect length for me to wear with leggings which is what i was looking for. it is longer in the back (covers my bottom) which is what i wanted and shorter in the front...the
I'm 5'2-5'3 which is supposed to be the max height for pieties in retailer (former employee) and while the bodice hit right  the skirt was insanely long. not even with heels is this gonna be right. and no discount towards hemming? i'll wait until this hits the sale rack  which it will because concensus is  it's way too long.
This over-sized sweater is light-weight and scratchy. i knew it would fit big  but the neck is overly bulky. the color is a bright blue as depicted in the picture. fits a little larger (on me) than on the model. i'm petite so it overwhelmed me.
I love the maeve line and was excited to get this dress. unfortunately  the fit was just bad. the top fit fine but the bottom half was too snug and there were unattractive gaps around the waist and the pockets. don't think another size or tailoring would address the issue. for size  i am 5'4"  130 and ordered the 6.
These are so cute and the colors are great  however  they stretch out about 2 sizes. they fit me perfectly and i sized down and they stretched out about a size 1/2 to 2 sizes too big. i'm bummed out because they are perfect in every other way. didn't think they would stretch out as much as they did. and they look awful once  they've stretched out. wish i didn't take the tags off or i would have returned them. size down at  least one size  i could have sized down two sizes. hoping they shrink lik
Love the cut of this t-shirt. just loose enough but not big and boxy like so many other tees but not fitted either. nice weight  the hemline is interesting...overall happy with it. just hope it doesn't shrink!
I recently purchased this blouse in black. i love the soft yet crepe like fabric and the small bit of negative space trim just above the bust line gives it an air of elegance. comfortable and breathable  i see this becoming a "how did i live without this" staple.
Gorgeous wide leg sweats. i did wear them outside but i wore with a long t because they are slightly see through if they are snug on your bum. they don't seem like they will last long because they are thin. but the cut is adorable and very flattering. they were a gift  not sure i would have spent $78 but i do love them.
I was so bummed when this came in...the colors and print are beautiful  but the neck is super itchy because of an elastic/ruffle combo. there is also a liner which is a nice touch  but it's significantly shorter than the top layer which drove me nuts. definitely going back.
Great top to dress (further) up or down. it does  however  run large and the straps seem (too) long. if you are a petite you will not be able to wear a regular without alterations.
Loved pattern   quality and fine details on this dress but  it ran large. i ordered petite small and it was way too loose/baggy .i had to return it.  i went bsck to order a petite x/small  but it was no longer available in this size on- line. so disappointed!     fyi    i'm 5'   112-115lbs and small boned -always wear size petite small . but not fir this dress!     this dress is comfortable   well made  lined and pattern is extremely pretty with nice border ( which is hard to find for petites -a
I can't believe how small this thing runs. beyond small. it's almost insulting because the dress is just so gorgeous you really want it to work  but there's no way it's going to when the l is actually a s. so sad to return this beauty.
I am 5'8 with curvy  muscular body and 36ddd boobs. the ruffle ends up hitting me right below my breasts and creates the look of being about 6 months pregnant. the beading is beautiful and i wish that it fit.
I like the pointelle feature in the front. i end up wearing a lot of black  but this at least gives me the option to do a bit of color underneath if i so chose. i've worn this with white  black and blue jeans w/ boots. looks great. i'm 5'3" and 125 lbs. i got a medium  but i could have possibly gone with a small. my only complaint is that it might be a tad bit too long. since i'm on the shorter size  i can't imagine it would be too much of an issue for others.
I loved the fit  color and style  but the fabric seemed very thin and cheap. i was worried that it would tear easily. this is getting returned.
... runs large which is the opposite of what i see in the majority of others' reviews. since most reviews say it runs true to size i decided to purchased a size 28 which usually  it's the perfect size for me no matter which brand  fabric  style  etc. it always fits... well  not in this case. i should have gotten a size 27. i felt very disappointed because these pants are beautiful. i got the 40% off sale at the time and now can't exchange it since the price has changed and the product is unavail
Again  bought this while wearing my retailer colored glasses. i loved the flowiness and color of the dark pink  and was convinced in the dressing room that this top made me look like a chic goddess  mid-vacation on the amalfi coast. i tried it on at home  and it straight up looked like i was wearing a maternity top. since i'm not with child  this one's going back!
I bought this in the grey as shown in the photo as i'm not fond of horizontal stripes and i felt the striping would distract from the floral accent of this tee. the gray is light and as pictured in the photo.    i bought an xl and the fit is tailored  with some loose flow to it. it is not boxy or big on me.    the fabric is a soft  soft  thin cotton knit and very cool for hot  muggy summer days....esp. in the southern us where it can be pretty intense. since i bought the gray  it's not sheer  al
Purchased on sale and worth the $20 or so dollars. just a good basic top. scoop neck not too deep  fabric is opaque enough to not need a cami.
I tried this on as a fluke.  i work at retailer and like to see the fit of everything so i can talk about it with customers.    it is so chic!  it makes your butt look amazing!  i tried it on with nude booties  but i could also see it with a great heeled sandal  or flats.  don't overlook this beauty!!
This top is very pretty  but it fits funny. it's boxy and doesn't hang well. i feel like you could almost wear it as a 2nd-trimester-pregnancy-blouse. i tried the small & the small petite. they both fit the same (too big and too boxy)  but the petite was shorter. i am 5'2"  125lbs  34b. i preferred the regular length  but if you like your tops to end at your waistband  then the petite would fit too. i still really like the top  so i may try it in a smaller size when it goes on sale.
I purchased this top on sale and it's almost perfect. the pleats under the rib cage make the bottom bell out a little bit - not enough to make me want to return it  but i'm glad i didn't pay full price!
This is way cuter on the model. it runs so big that it is very unflattering. perhaps on someone tall it would look better  but sadly it looked dumpy on my 5'2 frame. it also arrived with some black stain on it. it is going back.
These pants are beautiful. great fit and great fabric. really comfortable and elegant. i am tall 5'8" and have a long torso so it's nice to find pants that are high waisted.
I purchased this dress in my usual petite size 2. it fit me quite well for the most part  a bit tight around the armpit area but the major issue for me was with the front of the dress. there was a weird pocket of extra fabric under my chest area (i'm small chested). also  the bow across the back did not cover my bra strap (below the bow) which made me think i needed to size up. i'm not sure if that would have fixed the weird fit in the front but i just decided to return the dress in the end. the
Omg - i laughed so hard after i put these on. i was so excited to get them. i ordered them in my usual 4. i got a little suspicious when i pulled them out and noticed they had an elastic waist band.  they were a little too small for me and even if they were not it's hard to imagine a world in which they didn't make me look like an oompa loompa or a hobbit! they are beautifully made and i kept looking at the picture and wondering why they don't look like that on me? i definitely have a curvier sh
Loved the brushstroke design and simplicity of black on white; however  the tee was way too big. it looked boxy and sloppy.
I read the existing reviews  before purchasing  and a few mentioned that this sweater ran large. this has been my experience with most tops i have purchased from retailer. i figured by ordering a medium  i would receive a slightly loose to moderately loose fitting sweater. this was not the case! the sweater is short  does not look anything like it does when you view the model from behind (and i assume the model is taller than i...as models are usually tall). for reference  i am 5'6''  medium build
Soft  cozy  and cute  but pilled badly after 1st wearing and now will be relegated to wearing at home only. for this reason i cannot recommend. felt like i wasted my money. i purchased the xs petite ( i'm 5'1". 95 lbs) and i could have gone down to xxs  but i was ok with it being looser.
Customers beware  there is no lining on this dress. i love the pattern however it would be a nightmare trying to find a slip to match the dress! i ordered it on line but i'll take it back to the shop.
Fell in love with the look of this top in the store but they didn't have it in my size (0) -- thought i'd try the 2 as the 0 was sold out online as well. alas  the fit is rather tentlike -- it did not drape as i had hoped. a beautiful and unique pattern on the right body  but on my slight frame it was not flattering. it's going back to retailer.
This ribbed henley is incredibly soft. you'll love the way it feels  but it does run a little small so i'd recommend getting one size up if you don't want it to be too form fitting.
I bought this dress to wear to work in my second trimester. the shape is perfect to accommodate a baby bump while still flattering the top. definitely recommend for any pregnant women trying to avoid true maternity clothes!
Love this poncho! it's casual  has a bit of a sexy vibe  comfy. great with leggings  probably boots once it's a little cooler. soft and lacey  lace is sheer so a cami is needed.
As other reviewers have noted  the fit of this tee is very boxy.  it looks okay tucked-in to high waisted jeans  but otherwise is unflattering.  also  the color is described as black  but mine looks like a navy blue in person.  i kept the shirt because i live overseas and returning it would have been difficult  but if able to  i would have returned it.
Im short (5'2'') so it's a little long on me! but it's super cute and i love it!!
Cute top but started disintegrating after two washes. the delicate cutouts in the top tore apart. i machine washed it in the gentle cycle and didn't use the dryer. disappointed to have to discard the top after just buying it.
I have been eyeing this dress online for a while but never could justify the price. well  when it went on sale  i couldn't pass up the opportunity. it arrived today and is even better than i expected. very flattering cut  long enough for tall people (i'm 5'10") and beautiful colors.     i ordered s (my usual size in retailer dresses  i'm 145 lbs  36c) and it fits perfectly. this will definitely be my go-to dress for the rest of the summer. i love all my retailer dresses but sometimes find them a tad
I just love the bright yellow floral pattern and the off the shoulder sleeves. the loose fit is really ideal for when i just want to throw something on and run out the door but look super cute at the same time. it runs a little large to give you the flowy look  but i like things flowy so this wasn't an issue for me but a plus!
Beautiful color and soft texture. this piece is flattering and can be worn in many seasons.
While i thought it looked really pretty on the hanger  when i tried it on it just felt like a mess. perhaps it suits other personalities and bodies. i hated that the zipper was in the front; i personally find it tacky and gawdy. while the patterns are pretty  the material felt like some weird fabric wallpaper and i didn't see how the price was justified with how the material felt cheap to me.
Great basic but with a little something special to it. great t all around!
I wanted to love these pants since i hate super-fitted skinny pants. but they are really oversized. i'm 125lbs and 5 foot 2. so i'm petite but not considered skinny and have well endowed thighs and legs.but the xs was way too big for me.
Skirt is made well and beautiful colors. runs a tad small. i am typically a 4/6 and i ordered the 8 (based on other reviews) and it fit well.
Very cute top. i ordered the white & it is thin so you might want to wear a cami with it. will look very cute with jeans  shorts or skirts. love the back! wish it came in more colors - would definitely order it in black.
I purchased this dress for a baby shower and it was just perfect. i am 5'3" and 110 pounds and ordered the petite xs which fit great. the dress is supposed to be a tad oversized and flowy so this size worked out great for me! it will also be a nice transition piece into spring with a pair of black fringe booties :) overall  i recommend this dress!!
This jumper is so much more flattering than it appears in the product photo! i am not sure why it was paired in a way that made it look so wintery- and did not play up on the capri length and interesting artsy top!     i am a curvy 4 or a 6  smaller on top  with hips. i love this fit. it it pulls in at a high waist  with a stretch in the pants---it's just adorable! i would say that the top portion is quite fitted- it's not a stretchy material  more of a textured thick fabric- so that is somethin
I really like this shirt. the material was a little heavier cotton than i expected in looking at the picture which is good otherwise it could look like you slept in the shirt. it is something that is going to wrinkle when you wear it so if that is bothersome then pass on this shirt. it's a bit longer which i also like because it will work by itself or under a jacket or sweater.
This dress looks so cute in the pictures-i love the style. ordered typical size and it was huge-felt like many sizes too big.
What a great piece. so unique and so cool and made with high quality textiles. i expect this to be in heavy rotation. can go super casual/luxe with leather joggers or upscale with nice jeans and some heels.
The silhouette and length of this skirt and length are flattering  classic and comfortable! the colors and weight of this skirt make it versatile - could be worn year-round (so long as it's not 100 degrees out - there is a bit of weight to it). it's one of my favorite pieces in my closet. can be styled 20 different ways. pair with a higher-end tee  tank  denim jacket or body-hugging sweater. i sized down.
The cut and print of this dress is beautiful. however  the armhole is way too low  which is a reoccurring problem with anything sleeveless from retailer these days. please don't drop the armholes so low  most women do not want their bra completely showing every time you lift your arm!
I wanted to love this dress because the fit is so flattering and the color is so great however i could not get the button along my bust to lay flat. normally this can happen if the fit is too tight around the bust but i promise there was still plenty of room. the fabric just bent in a way that left a gaping hole at my bust. unfortunately it's going to have to go back.
As previous reviews have stated  this blouse is see through but it is amazing!!! very rich quality and can be dressed up or dressed down. it is well worth the price now that it is on sale!
I bought the size 27 in these - i'm usually a 27 or 28 (measurements 27-38)  and they fit perfectly. i'm more of a pear shape and they're very flattering. the moss color is lovely and will go with a lot  and they can be dressed up or down.
Cute pattern  but the shirt is very thin and runs small and short!
I ordered this dress with the 25% off everything code as it is a bit expensive. i will say it is well worth the price. from the material  to the design  and fit  i was truly pleased. i am usually a 4p in retailer dresses so i went with the xs-p and it fits perfectly. it is super cute and unique  and i love  love  love the pockets  which is always an added bonus. it is so fun and flattering  as i am sure people will be asking where this one is from. a definite summer must have. obsessed with this w
I love the unusual print  but the cut didn't work for me. i've got a round back side and a sway back  and the dress made me look twice as big front to back than i actually am because there's no shaping to help it adjust to the curves. so sad!
I was looking for a dress for an upcoming interview. this fit the bill. when i took it out of the packaging i was worried it would be boxy  but it hit in all the right places. it was loose enough allowing for movement  but accentuated my waist. it hangs to just above my knee in an xl (i typically wear a 14-16). i was very impressed with the material. it feels very soft and luxurious.
I was so excited to order this top - it looked like it was made of more sturdy  soft cotton  but sadly after receiving it today i found that to not be true. it's incredibly sheer - you'd have to wear a cami underneath  which defeated the point for me. the pleating in the front hides your bra  but you can see it from all other angles (i tried it on with an unlined nude lace bra  which can easily hide under sheer clothing). i was hoping to be able to wear it on its own without a cami and for it to
Absolutely beautiful top  worn once...hand washed and that's all she wrote..ruined!! the black trim bled all over the top!! i tried everything you could imagine to get this back to normal! do not recommend!! :(
The colors and print are absolutely beautiful and i'm quite heartbroken that this suit just doesn't fit. i don't have a long torso but the v was just so plunging that i wouldn't feel comfortable leaving the backyard lounge chair in this bathing suit. no matter how much i tied the halter it still revealed a v halfway down to my naval. the strange thing is that there seemed to be too much fabric on top  lots of ruching and thicker straps than i would normally go for  and while i'm only around a b
I received this top today and though the color is not white as shown in the pic  it's a beautiful top. its more ivory as mentioned. the lace is like a lining(covering the entire body except the arms) underneath the ribbed fabric. like the other reviewer mentioned the lace is not itchy but soft and very pretty! i totally love it!!! this is my new favorite top in my wardrobe!!
These are colors i normally never wear...baby pink  lavender  light blue...but what drew me to this was the wine color mixed in. it's my favorite. i also adore a good poncho. this poncho is so rich and so heavenly. super soft  very oversized  incredibly nice fabric...its like a light weight sweater. lots of movement and such a statement piece  it will look great over a white tank top  or an all black ensemble with great boots. this only comes in two sizes but runs large. i'm 5'8 and curvy...and
I was really excited for this dress to come and hoped it would work well for a couple of holiday parties that i will be going to this season. i wasn't sure what i thought when trying it on  but i am thinking it will go back since i still am not super excited about it. for me the waistline was a bit high  and it had a bit of a frumpy feel. i love the floral pattern but overall it just wasn't amazing.
Wish this worked for me! i am 5'9''. it is much shorter than it looks in the photo and the pockets did not hit my hips or torso in the right spot. the neck was kind of tight on me too. i love the idea of this dress but need it longer. the dress is very roomy overall.
Like the extra details on the neck and back - and it's versatile to wear everywhere
I bought the s; came with a tag saying "sz 8". it is in fact more like a size 2  if not 0.     the bust is probably a 34 a or b  or 32a or b - the cups fit me relatively well  but the rest was so tight that i could barely manage to put put it in. i can't imagine wrestling with this bathing suit each time i want to wear it  so i will return it.     the fabric  design is as spectacular as it looks though... very good quality.
I bought this top in my usual size in a small. i'm a 34 d 26 waist. i absolutely love it. i pair it with a red cardigan. very cute.
I'm 5'7" with a dd bust and this top in a medium doesn't even hit at my hip. i'm not sure why so many of these tops are being made so short! i just purchased another peasant lace top that has the same problem #it ends up being very boxy looking!#. adding a few inches in length would have made this top perfection! debating about ordering a large just to add length but otherwise the tops fits everywhere else ;# it's so pretty though! the lace detail and the nude panel are so delicate and the mater
I bought a pair of these in stone and after the first wash they become all splotchy. i chalked it up to perhaps there was bleach leftover in the my washer. although nothing else in the load was blotchy. i then  because i loved the cut of these pants  bought another pair in the darker blue color. the same thing happened after the first wash. again  nothing else in that wash load was the least bit ruined -- just my new retailer pants! such a bummer-- definitely a dye issue. i called the stores i pur
Loved the look of this wool and so well made! problem was it literally would have been better on a bed as a blanket than on my body as a blanket coat. just overwhelmed me and didn't look good. i'm 5/9" and 160 lbs so i'm no shrinking violet just too heavy of fabric.
Love the print and loose fit. doesn't look to wide on my top heavy torso and the sleeves don't cling to my chubby upper arms or tummy. wore all day today  first with shorts then with cropped jeans.
Beautiful detail  soft drapey fabric. but it pulls funny from where they added stitching at the top of the v. for me it was also a little short but i have a long torso. i'm 5'7" 155lbs and the size medium fit nicely with the exception of the length.
I like this layer for fall for many reasons. first of all  the color is a beautiful fall color. the design of the vest is flattering when wore with skinny jeans or leggings. the weight of the vest is perfect for the cooler weather. it is not too heavy  it's fairly lightweight. i am a size 6 and the small fit perfectly.
This jacket looked adorable on. it was also quite comfortable. however  it sheds and left fuzz on every dark surface it touched. sadly  this is a deal breaker for me.
Just piping in here -- ordered my usual size of small petite. the slip that came with the dress is about a size negative zero  it could hardly squeeze over my body and the dress itself is a bright pale aqua and it is a shift. and because of the smocking it hangs very strangely. i think it looks very cheap and is ill fitting. i would say if you are a person on which shift dresses look awesome you might like this  but mind the size of the slip in the petites range  and also it is aqua.
I wanted so much to love this dress  but unfortunately the fit was so poor i had to return it. the color of the dress (green) was lovely  and i liked the fabric and the overall design very much. i read the reviews and decided to order an extra small petite given that reviewers said the dress ran large; but even at that size the dress was too large  especially around the hips (which  for someone with an hourglass figure  is saying a lot!). the extra fabric around the hips belled out some  making
The dress is precious and looks good on all body types. however  the bust is extremely tight. i had to go up a dress size just to fit in the chest area.
I received this dress yesterday and it exceeded expectations! i was not expecting the fabric to have a slight stretch and felt that the fabrication aided to the overall comfort of the dress without losing any of the quirky elegance. due to the stretch  however  i immediately ordered a size down for comparison. i'm a pretty solid 2 with eva franco dresses but with this cut i had about an inch of fabric in the waist. regardless  i'm keeping the dress - jury is just still out on which side!! measur
The fit on these is good for my hourglass shape  and the fabric quality and comfort is good too.i think the rinse is just not as nice in person- the orange stitching is pretty bright too. i bought. a pair from br a couple months ago that are almost identical in quality  fit and color that i got for less than half the price of these. i am going to return these and see if they have something better   but will only buy in store from now on.
This shirt is wonderful! i totally recommend it for everyone.
Love this! so colorful and cute! will look great with shorts this summer  and will keep me cool in the city in the summer heat. thanks retailer!
Love this dress! light and breezy  but i'm wearing it with tights and a jacket for a winter look.
I love the way this looks on me! definitely flattering on curvy/full-figured girls. i am a 36-38c and bought an xl - i don't like things that are too tight or that cling to the wrong areas. if they had xl in other sizes  i would buy it in every color. can be dressed up or down. i'm very happy with this purchase.
I absolutely love this tee! i normally don't buy two of the same thing  but i bought it in both black and mauve during a december sale. i ordered a size small  and it fits tts. it can be worn with leggings or skinny jeans/cords. i love pairing it with skinny jeans and boots best. it's very slimming and so soft.
I have to say  this sweater is gorgeous!!! i bought it in the green motif and absolutely loved the variety of colors used. i just didn't like the fit. it was so... blah. i felt like an old lady wearing it... it really had no flare to it... it was pretty boxy and boring :( so  very unfortunately  this one went back. way too much $$$ to not be in love w/it!
Nice fabric  great color  would be lovely ... on someone with a straight-and-narrow body type. for ladies with curves  take a pass--too much like maternity wear  and not in that elegantly slouchy kind of way. the straight-up "is she or isn't she" kind of way.
These cuff jeans are very good looking! 4 stars bc of price. they run small too. i wear 29 in pilcro for ref and these were best for me in a 31. the rise is very short so if you are tall  beware. i'm 5'9" and the 29 i tried was super uncomfy in the crotch area. i haven't worn them all day yet so they might stretch a bit.
I tried this on in the store and decided to order a larger size online. the fabric by the buttons is very thin so any pulling will cause tears the one i tried on in store was shredded by someone else trying it. i'm a 34 dd and bought a 14. before trying it on i noticed the fabric is already pulling a little right out of the package. trying to decide if it is worth keeping or will be destroyed from wearing.   it really is very cute on.
Love this top. perfect under a jacket for work or on its own for date night. i have a long torso and the length is perfect. so dainty and different!
Great print  terrible quality. the material is paper thin. not at all what i look for in a robe. it's going back.
This beauty caught my eye online and i was excited to see it in store. the coloring is lovely  but it was too short for me (5'7") and just meh...and it was only on for a second before it started itching. sadly  too  the sleeves were all stretched out from the way my local store merchandised it  which looks cute on the hanger but kind of ruins the clothes (i wish they'd stop doing this). if it works for you  great because it's a decent price for a timeless sweater with an interesting color patter
The print and front ruffle are beautiful. the sleeves are awful and poorly represented in the picture of the model. it's almost like the sleeves have a life of their own - so mismatched with this style of blouse. such a beautiful print but so disappointing in shape.
Horrible fit. i do not understand why they but a aline dress with a skin non aline camisole under the dress.
The material is so soft  and lightweight without being sheer. i am 5'1 #145 and ordered a size 28 in blue. they have a relaxed fit  and a polished-casual look.
I love the looks of this sweater on the model! after receiving it  it was still very pretty and stylish to look at. my problem is that i am petite  and the sweater seemed to run very large. it wasn't very fitted. i think the detailing in the back would look better fitted. it made me look rather dowdy and/or matronly unlike how it looks on the model. i think that was because it was just too big. i returned it.
Perfect summer pants until i wanted to pet my dog and they ripped first time wearing them.
I am pregnant and i thought this would be a great sleep bra. it's soft and fits okay  but it has zero support or shape. i would only buy if you are a b cup or smaller and can get away without support. if i would have seen this is the store  i would have passed over it. however  i was too lazy to return so i am wearing it. it's comfortable so that's a redeeming quality. i would not recommend for larger chested ladies  though!
Fantastic quality. i agree the material is heavier and may be too hot for summer in sc but will be perfect for ac cooled offices. the fit is tts. i am smaller on top than the bottom and size 2 fit well everywhere thanks to the somewhat stretchy material  32-24-36. i never write reviews but this dress really is fantastic and at a great price point given the high quality of the fabric and design. i couldn't tell from the pics but the back bottom is not a single center slit but a double slit. i rea
After reading the reviews i was hoping to be able to try this on in store. i was able to try on a xxs and a xs in the store on the sale rack. i tried both on and i usually will take an xs or small in sweaters. funny  but the xxs seemed to be a little longer in the front and the fit is nicer on me. after reading others review of this sweater i thought for sure it would be super short on the xxs but it wasn't. just goes to show you should always try on first! i did not feel that the sleeves were l
Shimmery & lightweight t-shirts. i got the aqua & brown t's. good for layering.
This skirt looked absolutely beautiful in store and took my breath away. i immediately headed to the fitting room to try it on  but was disappointed by the awkward ruching. if this skirt has removed that upper portion and kept a normal waistband (thereby also shortening it to knee length)  it would have been lovely. it should be noted that this is midi-length  which is awkward on me. i was unable to find a cute way to wear this which is disappointing since it could have been lovely.
I'm petite  but even if i weren't  i think this runs very large  isn't form flattering at all  and overall looks dull. it most definitely does not justify the price. material is thin.
I ordered this to wear for a holiday party hoping to have something unique and dressy. it was too bulky at the shoulders and looked like something a football player would wear. the little ruffled flower pieces were random at the top and stuck out in all the wrong directions. it wasn't as elegant as the model pic (is it ever?) and for this price should fit like a glove. went back within seconds. also  it's pretty short  and bulky short isn't flattering on too many people.
I love this sweater. i didn't buy it the first time when i tried it at the store because the buttoned look created a bulk on one side and i thought that this was very weird. it might have been what i was wearing underneath that day or that particular sweater. but then at 40% off i decided to give it another try and i'm happy that i did. i bought the navy and i love the feel of the material. sizing down makes all the difference  too. i wasn't fan of the attached sleeves at first as they are made
This dress is easy and attractive. it's very soft and just slips on  but looks very put together. on my shorter frame  it's a bit long  more midi length  but it's so comfortable and pretty  that i'm fine with it; it looks a little bit 20's that way. recommended.
Runs large and pocket detail is very prominent. wanted a crisper  trouser-like pant--this is not it!
This dress is simply gorgeous. the slit is just right  the colors are great  and most of all the fabric is very comfy! i highly recommend!
Beautiful colors  especially the pink. i am 5'3" and about 124 lb. i got the small petite but am thinking of exchanging it for the regular xs. not only is it short hem-wise  which i don't really mind  but it is short in the waist. very pretty and good fabric.
I normally stay away from dresses like these because they have a tendency to make my tall  hourglass frame look like i had one too many burgers. however  i saw one left in the store and was drawn in by it's color and beautiful sequins. my thoughts below:    ________  pros:  - exactly as pictured. i got the purple option  but i did see another lady grab the green. both are beautiful in different ways.  - like another mentioned  the sequins on the bottoms gives some weight to the dress  but in a g
This top is easy to dress up with a blazer or wear casually with jeans and trainers. so many nice details and a great fit!
I love the fabric of this dress and the way it fits  but it is too low for me i thought about putting a cami under it  but that would ruin the look of the dress. just an inch or so higher would have been much better. as much as i like the design and fit  i will be returning this dress.
Really love this top even more than i expected based on the picture. i have already worn it 6 times in a short period of time. it's been a great fall top
I fell in love with this cute top  however after reading reviews  i am going to return it. seems there is a problem with it shrinking after following washing instructions. who wants to dry clean a tank top? not me  sadly. too bad. style was cute and color was awesome.
The fit of this top on me was much more boxy than on the model  maybe the fault of my fuller bust. my usual small definitely didn't reach my hips as it does hers  and appears wider. i'm not even sure the v is as deep! again  could be me. but i'm keeping the top because it is just so darn comfortable. as for not looking too top-heavy  ill just have to make it work.
I was nervous about buying this without trying it on  but i followed the size chart and wasn't disappointed! it's flattering thanks to the fitted upper-half and the forgiving peplum bottom-half. overall  it's thin  light  and airy.
At first  i thought that this sweater would be too thin and show any imperfections  but it doesn't. the vertical ribbing really gives it a slimming effect and it is a perfect lightweight cover up that goes with pretty much anything.
This is a beautiful dress and it was hard to let it go but  unfortunately  because the fabric is a little stiff  it accentuated my curvy back side in a bad way. it will definitely look great on someone with a smaller bottom. i tried the xs and did not experience the issues that other reviewers mentioned  such as the large arm holes.
I think this is going to be a love or hate top. i love it. it is see through  requiring an under top. however  the fabric is extremely light weight and the style is floaty so a simple lightweight tank/cami will look pretty showing through in a number of colors. i bought the off-white. it is meant to be a full fit but i think going down one size will help especially since the photos don't show just how full the back really is. the fabric will probably snag easily. still i just really like the sty
These are excellent. as previous reviewers noted  they are a thin material  and there isn't much stretch. that being said  they have a casual  work-appropriate men's wear vibe (the extra fabric in the crotch region contributing to this). if you really don't like the extra fabric  wearing them a little higher and closer to the natural waist should solve the problem. the navy is a little lighter in person than on the site  just fyi--it's less easy to mistake for black  which is alright in my book.
I really like the color and flow of this dress. the dress itself fit well however the slip was extremely tight through the bust. i have a large bust at 34d however most dresses are still wearable especially flowy dresses. unfortunately i had to return this one because of the slip.
Short and wide. the color and print are so pretty  but the shape isn't flattering  at least not to me. might work better on a teen?
I am usually between a 8 and a 10 and was an 8 in this skirt  it is very nice because it has so many soft colors in it and will go with anything. i live in florida so for me this is a fall skirt! i like the look of a wrap and it is not a wrap it fits great.
I love white blouses in the summer. this one is perfect. bought one size down and it is perfect. the lovely tailored neck is very flattering and hard to find. i do send it to the cleaners just to make sure it keeps that crisp cool look for hot summer days.
I liked the design and the shirt did fit well enough  but the thin fabric does not justify the price. it looks like it will get holes in it after a wash or two.
A scandalous mini skirt that isn't a skirt! beautiful pattern. does run a little big.
Very comfortable  looks good on. like the fabric also.
The item i received was not distressed. i bought one size larger thinking they'd be super slouchy  but they just looked sloppy. also  the hips puffed out in a very strange way. i wanted to love since they are so cute and soft  but i look like a man with hips in these jeans. returning this weekend.
Cute and very soft  but the elastic wasn't sewn in right. i took them out of the wash and the waistband was a twisted mess. disappointing for more expensive loungewear.
Love the way this dress looks online. sadly  it doesn't look great on me. i'm 5'4"  athletic build. the small fit perfectly  but the extra fabric in the hip/pocket area just seemed to drag me down. i really wished this worked for me  but i think you've gotta be a little bit taller to pull this one off.
This skirt is a beautiful fabric  heavy and soft  and fully lined. it has two sets of snaps on the inside so you can adjust the waist size. i purchased a medium  but found that there wasn't enough of an overlap in the split to be decent (it flaps open when i walk  revealing nearly everything!)  so i will be exchanging for a large. for reference  i typically wear a size 10 or 12 in pants and skirts. the color is true to the photos  with a matte finish. i am 5'8" and length hit me below the knee.
I purchased this is off white and it is a stunner! feminine? check! stylish? check! hem hits at a flattering part of the body? check! great with jeans or tailored pants? check! i cannot say anything bad about this blouse-well  maybe the button back is a little convenient but it sure looks pretty! i am 5' 21/2" and 110 pounds and usually wear a 0 or 2 but i purchased in a size 4 and it fits perfectly! can't wait to wear this with my olive green skinny jeans!
I was very excited about this dress having seen someone where it on the street months ago. i got my usual size 6 and could not button it up for the life of me. i get it  i'm busty and sometimes button downs are a tricky. however  the arms were impossibly tight. my boyfriend starting cracking up when he saw my arms busting out of the sleeves.
Although i was worried it wouldn't live up to its sticker price  i'm glad i bought this shirt. it is extremely flattering in the way it drapes. the lace details make it seem dressy and special. the fabric feels luxurious. sleeves are almost too short for my long arms  but they are good enough.
This dress ran small in the arms for me. when i returned it for a bigger size  the dress i got had a huge rip in the decorative threading on the back. i can't believe the product wasn't checked for flaws this huge before shipping. i asked for another one in the same size. we'll see if it  too  is defective
Extremely cute sweater  but after having worn it twice it's already pilling up. i'd expect more for a $100 sweater.
These chinos are really soft and comfortable  but they run really large. i have the 27 petite (5'4" 115 lbs.) and they are too big. i originally bought the 28 petite and exchanged them for the 27 and after wearing the 27s all day i have realized they are significantly too big. they stretch as you wear them so they ended up completely saggy in the butt and hanging around my hip bones. i was in the store today and tried on a pair in 26 regular and those were also too big; i didn't have time to try
I really wanted to love this dress. i bought it for a photoshoot that will be outdoors  and thought that the green color would be perfect. it is well made  but the fabric is lighter than expected. the biggest issues was the size. i am 5'7" and typically a size ten. i ordered the ten and it fit like a 14-16. it was huge. if you order this  i would say size down two sizes.
Im a busty gal at a 34ddd and this was pretty flattering. it showed off my curves and hid my unfit belly with ease. i usually am a small to medium and i ordered large in both the grey and gold stripe and i love them both. they fit flawlessly. very flattering and i like the high neck line
This is a great top but it is really big. i have a similar top from the same brand and the size small fits as expected. this top is easily 2 inches wider everywhere. i would love to exchange it for an extra small  but am afraid that even that size would be too large. the blue pattern is beautiful and the fabric is light and airy  which is perfect for warm days  but the size issue is out of control!
I really wanted to love this shirt! the colors are gorgeous  very vibrant and just as shown. the fit was all wrong on me. i ordered the petite xxs and it was still too boxy. and  it kept shifting so the front collar of the shirt would ride up into my neck. it looked like a sack on me. for reference- i am 5'2"  112lbs...with a small frame.
Cute tee. it's a casual tee with some nice detailing that gives it some style. the fabric is a good thickness. not see-through thin but light enough for warm weather. the color should match pretty much anything. nice neckline. i think it runs slightly large. i hover between a small  extra small with tops and the xs fit nicely. i do have narrow shoulders  32dd  so women with normal to wide shoulders might prefer their usual size. i don't expect people to gush over it with compliments but it it a
This is a such a cute top. can be dressed up for work or worn more casually. very flattering. i'm 5'6" and 125lb. i was borderline between the xs and s but ended up with the s because it was a tad longer and more 'tunic-y.' bought two colors!
I've never spent this much money on a sweater but took the plunge using the retailer day discount. still painful but hopeful it would be worth it. i ordered the xl hoping to compensate for the shorter length. and it fell just below my hip bones so that part was okay. while this looks like the cashmere is on the thinner side  so the garment flows nicely  it's not. the weight of the sweater is substantial  heavier and much thicker than it looks. the color is different too. it's tan and grey  not whi
Hands-down one of the more comfortable shirts i've purchased from retailer.
Love this vintage high waisted bikini bottom! fits true to size. it pulls up to a little past my belly button and the runching is in all the right places. i'm not too sure how it will stay put in the waist area for a dip in the ocean . can't wait to lounge around in it ar the beach though.
I love this dress so much. absolutely beautiful true to the size. since i start wearing it i got so many good compliment. the flowers is very spring and summary. very sexy to the bottom....
No complaints about this top. i like that it's very soft and the length is good as a tunic. would recommend.
I love this dress now that it is on sale; sized down to sm petite  added a simple full slip. endless compliments and inquiries on where to buy it!
Fits very strange. odd cut. does not look well on.
I think this shirt is so cute. it is well-made. it's a flattering fit  and it's unusual. it still is a neutral though so you can wear it with lots of things. i'm really happy i bought it.
I love this faux-fur coat. i wear it both dressed up & down. i usually wear xs but bought s so i could wear sweaters under it and the arms would still be long & i'm happy i did (5'4" 103 for reference). the faux is soft & comfy. it's warm  but not blizzard warm. i get loads of compliments on it when i wear it & "where did you get that?"  definitely worth the purchase on sale.
I bought this dress for a wedding i have this summer  and it's so cute. unfortunately the fit isn't perfect. the medium fits my waist perfectly  but was way too long and too big in the bust and shoulders. if i wanted to spend the money  i could get it tailored  but i just felt like it might not be worth it. side note - this dress was delivered to me with a nordstrom tag on it and i found it much cheaper there after looking!
I have been unable to find a jumpsuit that looks good  likely due to my long torso. this is the first one that doesn't make me look like i am a tall five-year-old (easy to dress it up with a statement necklace) and fits perfectly. i am 5'6"  120 pds  and bought my normal xs. highly recommend  especially with the current extra % off promotion!
I was so excited to get this dress. i need it for a wedding  and i thought i had hit the jackpot. the dress arrived with a small tear. the seams are puckered and badly seen.  for an almost $300.00 dress  the quality is terrible. i expect better from retailer. i'm so disappointed.
The models pose and description are misleading. this top has absolutely no shape to it. the front of the shirt is kind of like a slub shirt texture  plain black. the back print is nice just more faded than shown in picture. the entire design has no form. it is huge. also cheaply made.
I ordered the orange in size xl. the fit on me matches the model other than being a little shorter in length.  the quality is bad. i ordered two of these sweaters and both arrived  new in the packages  with one having a small hole. the knit is so thin  as is the base material. the arms are basically see-through. it doesn't offer any warmth because of the thinness. i layered a long-sleeved white tee underneath which helped. the edge of the sleeves stretched out within an hour. i also had two area
Runs really large. i am 5'4"  120lbs  32c  and had to exchange xs for xxs for width  but then the sleeves were a little tight. decided to keep the xxs in white.
This dress is adorable and professional at the same time. i was worried that the print would overpower me but it's a nice fabric. i'm 5'2" and the petite small is perfect. i don't like to wear form fitting clothing for work and this fits right for me. plus it's hand washable. i haven't worn or washed it yet but i'll easily wear it to my "creative professional" workplace.
I tried this on in the store as soon as i saw it because of it's ease  modern look  and my obsession with stripes and wrap skirts. i am between an 8 and 10 in retailer most of the time (although sizing has been quite erratic in the last couple of years)  but picked up a 10 to ensure an easy fit. was so surprised to find you have to not only buckle (cute detail) but button and zip this "easy" skirt  and with all that there were also straps that buttoned that i believe are there to keep it from flyi
I bought this dress for my wedding rehearsal dinner. it's beautiful. the material is thicker than i imagined  not a bad thing at all. i ironed it with lots of steam and it came out great. the tie in back is nice because it can be cinched tight or worn more loosely
The fit on these is frustrating. with l space you almost have to try everything on first because the sizing is different from one cut to the other. i wear a 25/26 jean and a medium in this bottom still felt and looked too small.
What a huge dissippointment when this arrived home.....  the sleeves are very long and very boxy... i have no idea the condition of this on store  but came with damages on sleeves also  we can tell that was something wrong and i was surprise that retailer sent me something like that  i'm a customer here for a very long time!!!!  dissipointed!!!! ;(
I was expecting a lot more  but this was disappointing. the material is thin and the quality isn't great. it also hung loose  just too loose  as it runs very very large i returned it
I sized up based on other reviews which was good advice. i am typically a size 6 but sized up to a 10. the pants are very unique and i think on the right body type would look amazing. it seems like someone with curves and a small waist might fit these splendidly...but that's not me. i had some extra material puffing about in the zipper region. i also expected the material to be thicker but found it to be more silky.
This top is so cute but after i added my tank top under neath it made me look frumpy. however  if you pair it with the right tank and bottoms it could be very cute. i think my problem is that i am not long wasted enough. i wish that it had worked because it is so unique.
Very comfortable and looks really good on me. that's very important!
I bought this online with the intention of it being my graduation dress. i'm 5'2"  115 pounds so i should've known better and gotten a "petite" style dress. however  i loved the modern look of this and since my boobs are a bit bigger (34d) i figured they would help fill it out. upon receiving the dress  i was first shocked that for the price  the construction was pretty poor quality: there were strings coming out of the straps and they looked unevenly sewn. when i put it on  it was clear that th
Like a previous reviewer  i love white blouses -- nothing better. also love polka dots  so i grabbed this at my retailer store the minute i saw it without even trying it on. quality is good; nice material. maybe a little heavy for summer. but it really didn't work on me. i normally wear a small in tops  however with a 34d chest (5'5" 122 lbs) i do sometimes get a bit of gapping with blouses at the chest. this does not gap but it just hangs on me. if it was a true peplum and fitted at the waist i t
The fabric is a little stiff  the back looks unusually long compared to the front  and it fits tight across the chest. and i'm not busty so that's not a factor.
I got the pilcro hyphen chinos in a size 25p and they fit  so i assumed i would be the same size in the pilcro stet chinos...nope. the 25p was way short and way tight. i'm 5'3" and about 113 lbs. my mom is 5' and 98 lbs and they fit her so i gave the 25p stet chinos to her to keep. disappointed!
This is a beautiful top but the fit is odd. it's roomy and flowy in the bust and waist but the arms are disproportionately tight. i wear a size 8 in all hd in paris tops but this one didn't fit anything like the others. i wouldn't even know what size to recommend because it's almost too big in the body  while being too tight in the arms. the lace and mock neck is beautiful though so i'm hoping to find someway to wear it comfortably. otherwise  it will be going back.
This blouse is gorgeous  i purchased in two colors and absolutely love it. just a side note i normally wear a size small blouse or size 4-6 blouse  in this i went up a size and purchased the medium.
I really like the color of this and the feel  but that is where it ends. it does not come with the gorgeous flattering belt that it is pictured with  and is cut without shape so it does not fit to your body and show off any glorious womanly curves. i could purchase the belt with it  but i don't prefer to purchase products that cannot stand on their own.
I tried on this top in the ivory color in the store  but i didn't need another ivory-colored top  so i passed it up. however  i kept thinking about the pretty details  especially trim on the sleeves  so when i saw it online in the red color  i ordered it. i was surprised when it arrived with how thin and sheer the fabric is (the soft flowy mini-pleated body of the shirt; the other sections are flat cotton  which is more sturdy). i hadn't noticed this when i tried on the ivory version! but i'm ke
I had my eye on this coat for so long. when i saw it was on sale and an extra 30% off i decided to go for it. i ignored the reviews that said it ran big and took a chance and sadly it did not pay off. this jacket is very heavy so if you are going to get it on sale  it will probably go into the closet for next winter. it was very boxy on me and tied at the waist  made my upper half look huge. it was just not flattering at all. the heaviness of it also made the big open neck a little annoying and
I purchased this shirt in blue hoping it would be a basic add-on to my wardrobe. it's been about a month and i have since washed and worn it twice. the color is now fading and i found a hole in the front of the shirt! i'm not sure if its the fine fabric that caused it to tear  but i washed it on gentle cycle and didn't do anything that would have warranted a tear. sadly this did not serve up to its purpose. i wouldn't suggest paying the price tag or even sale price for an item that i don't expec
Very high quality fabric and the fit is excellent. the skirt is stylish yet simple and very easy to wear as i feel i would have no trouble paring it with several different tops. it can easily be dressed up or down and is excellent for work. i got this on sale and am so glad  still  it is one of the few items actually worth the initial high price tag. great quality!
Let me start off by saying how pretty this top is  and heavy .and itchy!  you would have to stand like the model does in the first shot to wear the top (with your arms not touching any part of the top!  the sequins will itch if you put your arms down (underneath the armhole).  another reason i didn't like the top was because the should straps are unadjustable.  i would have to get mine tailored for my 5'2" frame.  i usually wear a medium or 6/8 in tops and ordered this in a medium  it was roomy.
I really wanted to love this shirt. the fit was great  and the fabric just felt beautiful. luxurious  soft and flowing. but the collar was frayed... in addition  the little keyhole area fabric also had to be carefully handled to make it look smooth and not like bad workmanship. i put it aside to return it  then this morning went to have another look at it  wanting to talk myself back into it. but i can't overlook the fact i'd be ordering a new shirt that would look time-worn. it may be only this
I bought it to mainly wear as a coat but i think it'd be great with some leggings and boots as well. if you want a more structured look go a size smaller. i plan on wearing this more as outer wear so i went with large. the coral is beautiful
I was in love with the green print  so i ordered this despite the reviews. i wish i'd listened. the fit is incredibly weird--huge at the top but tapering in at the hips. so sad this didn't work.
I purchased the stripped blouse and it was very large around the armhole. it bulged open as if it needed a dart. i even washed it to see if it would shrink to fit and it was better but not good enough. i hate my bra showing through the armhole. it's going back. cute blouse except for that. i love sleeveless blouses with turtlenecks.
This top reminded me of a maternity top. cute  but better suited for someone smaller chested.
This dress is wonderful! word to the wise  it says that you can machine wash the dress on cold  which i did. the dress came out fine  but the slip is now basically a shirt. there are no washing instructions on the slip  but i assumed it would be the same. it is not. it still looks ok under the top part  but i will have to wear a half slip under the bottom.
Just got this skirt in the mail today and overall i'm happy with it and will keep it. i was disappointed that the color is not really plum in person as it looks in the pictures. it's more of an ambiguous color somewhere between brown/gray/plum. the fit is good  the quality is good  although the skirt is a little longer than i would like (and i ordered the petite size). it's not really a mini skirt  just an above the knee skirt on me. i'll take it to my tailor and have him take it up an inch and
I had fallen in love with the coral dress that was somewhat like this one and came out a few months ago. but the problem i'm having with this one is the same problem i had with the coral one. they are all flawed in their construction! i had eventually tried 3 size 16s in the coral because each one was flawed. on one  one side hung longer than the other  and on all 3  the top design did not line up with the bottom design. this blue one is the same way! the top design does not line up with the bot
I do not understand all the great reviews but that goes to show everyone likes different things! the jacket looks great in the pictures but in person  it just looks awful! gray is one of my favorite colors but this color is so drab and the material looks old and worn. it definitely has a grunge look to it and overall  it is just a wrinkly mess. another reviewer said it looks like old clothes and i have to agree. it looks very shabby. it also reminds me of those smocks they have at the hair salon
This top fits perfect everywhere except the sleeves are a little tight. not uncomfortably so but i wish they had just a little more room so they looked like they did in the picture. other than that  i love this shirt! its super cute and comfy and i have gotten a few compliments on it!
Cute skirt and print  but high waisted. also was more snug so think it runs a tad small. i wanted to tuck in a shirt like shown in picture  but it looks goofy because the waist is so high. also there is no flexibility there so size up if you want to wear it lower. the model's arms are covering her waist so hard to tell what proportion looks like on her. i'm 5'4 so might work better on a taller person. sending back.
I saw this and had to have it!  it is so beautiful.  it has pops of color that can be paired with so many options.  i like the uniqueness of the flowers being on the backside.  it is thinner fabric  so i will have to wear a black cami underneath but i have no problem with that.  especially  going into cooler weather anyway.  it is very flattering on.  this one will go fast.  thank you retailer!
Terrible fit for a longer torso.  runs small in hip and lining  huge in the waist.  not good for an hourglass figure!
I'm 5'2 and 105 lbs; normally a size 25 petite for most jean brands but learned after receiving my online purchase that these jeans run large. i exchanged them for a size 24 petite and thought they fit okay at first but after testing them around the house  they kept stretching and i felt like they were going to fall off my waist! didn't want to wear a belt with these because it distracted from the relaxed style. sadly had to return my purchase.
Like other reviewers have stated  this dress does run small on the chest. i'm 5.3"  32c  120lbs and size 2 fits me great. however  if my chest size had been  like 34d and up  size 2 will not fit me although i'm petite frame. so  if you have a large chest  i would recommend going 1 or 2 sizes up. if you are like myself  small bust person  then you should try your regular size and one size down to see which one fits you better. i was going to try size zero  however as soon as i tried size 2  i rea
I put a lot of hopes on this pullover. i needed something for the spring  and it seemed perfect. plus  the sale price is very attractive compared to the regular retailer prices. but... i am not exactly disappointed  but i'd say surprised.     i would still consider this sweater good for spring. it's thin enough to be tucked into a skirt or pants if you like. the pullover is very stretchy - frankly  i would prefer it to be less stretchy  but that might be a plus for someone more busty. the quality
I live in los angeles and this is the perfect beginning of fall jacket! i've worn it with dresses and with jeans. definitely has enough extra room to slip a hoodie or small seater on underneath when it gets colder. it's soft and stylish. the only downside is that the pockets aren't really deep enough to put anything in.
Great length  very comfortable  very pretty. perfect dressy winter skirt!
The sweater is comfortable and has a little 70s fabric flair...not quite as classically modern as it looks on the model. i am keeping it because it is a true fall/spring item. not a fabric weight for summer wear in california. the peach color is pretty muted  so it is not a show-stopping going-out piece.
I love anna sui's lines makeup to everything. this dress is beautiful in a very usual sort of way and after trying it on  i couldn't see anything spectacular that made it unique or special somehow. the elastic waist does make this dress forgiving and it runs big. the hem is lovely scalloped. each detail is very nice in and of itself but when put together in this dress  there is no wow that justifies the full price tag. now that it's on sale i'll keep it probably for summer.
I want this in every color! fits tts...so comfortable  flattering  and fabric feels like it will hold up well (fingers crossed). love love love.
The dress is too big. i got size 4  after checking the measurements chart (for reference: 5'7"  125 lb). it is too wide  not as fitted as in the picture. the cut is too deep (might work better for a bustier lady  but looks pathetic on me).     the pattern is too bright  much brighter that in the picture (i got red pattern). it's not that the photos represent the colors inaccurately  it's just... the colors are much more vibrant in real life.    the material is heavier than i expected.
I have never had a purchase go wrong at retailer  which is why i am was not hesitant to spend this much money on the blazer. however  the quality is very poor - it feels like it might fall apart after one clean. also  the buttons where not sewn on properly. i wear an xs and the size was a good fit  but the overall quality was not worth the price (or even close to it).
Got this in the moss color. i throw on a hoodie almost every day to walk my dog so i justified the high price. returned it because it was not cute on. the waffle fabric didn't stand out  and the bottom just hung straight. i thought it would be more ruffle-like. even on sale i won't buy it ~ it's just that blah
Love this dress - haven't worn it yet but wow the design / artwork of the fabric is beautiful !! waiting for weather to cool off a bit so can wear with my off white suede gogo boots ....
I tried this skirt on because i liked the green color thinking that the pockets would not be flattering to my size 12 figure. i was wrong. the pockets are flattering to a round tummy. the pocket flap is stitched down on the side and button near the center so they don't stick out. a good skirt for fall.
I have never taken the time to write a review but i was so disappointed by this dress. the design is cute and i got the medium instead of a small (i'm normally a 4/6) and i wanted to make sure it was a bit looser and below the knee. that was a good call because the fit is comfy and cute belted. however  it is so very thin and see through. i was looking forward to a cool  cotton dress for summer but this will definitely require a full slip if i decide to keep it. it came with no slip at all so th
I debated forever about ordering this and so glad i did! the colors are so pretty. i got the yellow and it's slightly sheer but ok w/ a nude bra. regarding fit- completely tts imo. i'm a 8/10 and 38 c and the med is perfect. i am so happy i did not size up.
I really wanted to like this dress and was encouraged by the positive reviews. the dress itself was very comfortable but was very unflattering. the top fabric hit my ribs funny and made me look really wide.
When i tried these on in the store i was thrilled - they were comfy as yoga pants and  the fit was divine. i thought i had found the perfect jeans and i splurged on them for my birthday. after wearing just two times they are baggy and the knees are totally bagged out  saggy and faded.  so disappointing - i want my $180 back!
Make sure to get the whole outfit. the skirt sits high enough so that it avoids the muffin look.
Love this top! very feminine and looks cute with heels and jeans or can be worn more casually too!
I ordered the taupe version of this tee  which was a medium brown with black stripes. the fabric felt itchy and rough  and was pretty sheer for not being light colored. i didn't care for the fit  which was extremely boxy and wide; from the picture  i expected an a-line fit  but not a wide drop with webbed underarms. i ordered 2 sizes  and could have worn the smaller if i'd kept this tee. it runs on the larger side. what astounded me most was that both tees i ordered were sewn with completely cro
I loved this on the mannequin and assumed it would look terrible on me. i tried it on anyway and was delightfully surprised. i tried a small and it was too roomy in the top so i opted for the extra small. i'm 5'6" and 130 lbs  (27 in jeans  34a). my booty definitely fills it out but the rest of the fit is similar to the model. it is hard to get on and off but if you tie a looser bow before slipping it over your head it's much easier to get back on and you can tighten it up again fairly easily. f
This product has a terrible zipper that ultimately caused me to return the dress. it's pretty bad when it won't even zip up on the hanger. such a beautiful dress; it broke my heart!
I love these jeans so much i have 4 pairs. i bought pink and gray last year and then black and denim this year. i am 5'4" 112 lbs. with a slim  straight  athletic build. these jeans look amazing on; they don't have those funny crease rolls in the legs because the legs weren't cut right  i don't have to tug on the waist to get them to stay up and they are just very flattering on. sometimes when i try on skinny jeans  they fit funny around the waistband and make my hips look weird. not these  i ju
Very flatttering skirt ! super cute ! highly recommend !
Tried one at the store. love the look and feel of this pants. so soft and flowy! sizing runs large. for reference  i'm 5'4" and 115 lbs. xxsp fits just right. highly recommended!
The fabric was nothing special (i usually like a cotton/silk blend woven fabric  but this was stiff feeling) and the pattern was cute. but what made me return it was the fact that 1) the rose gold glitter dots are puffy paint. literally. puffy. paint. and 2) the dots were not quite dry on my top when it arrived. parts of the paint came off on my fingers and the top was stuck to itself because of it. i could barely unfold it.  i'm sure this could have been cute  but who wants a top that looks lik
Too small... too flare... nice thick fabric. not my favorite pant.
I initially saw this sweater in the store and it really stood out. the rose pink color is absolutely beautiful and i love the glimmer band. it adds a beautiful detail to the sweater. the fabric is very soft. the only downside i see  is that lint did get all over the tank top i was wearing underneath. though i think that will change over time as i wear it more. it wasn't a huge inconvenience  which is why i still give this 5 stars. i am always a small at retailer  which is what i ordered  so
I have been admiring this piece for awhile and finally decided to purchase it  and i am so happy i did! the yellow is the perfect pop of color for fall/winter  but it isn't overwhelming or overpowering. fit is oversized (as is in any poncho style sweater) but it doesn't feel boxy or unflattering. if in between sizes  definitely go down. i like things oversized and i went with the xs/s and it fits great. this will be a go to piece for many years to come!
This is great. on the model it looks largish  but on me it doesn't. if you're curvier like me (5'10"  155  32e) it may be more fitted. long arms with great wrists. design is just as shown. not a sturdy piece. but not cheap looking in any way. i plan to hand-wash and not drop coffee down the front so i can wear it for a long time. just what i want to wear on certain days  and more colors would be great. thanks  retailer.
I loved how this jacket looked online and decided to order it. however  sizing can sometimes be tricky for me so i ordered both a petite xs and petite xxs (i'm 5'1"  113 lb  and a bra size 32 c). i tired on the xxs first and was swimming in it! so naturally i thought the xs would be even bigger; but to my surprise the xs fit way more snug! in the end  i still didn't like how loose the xs fit so i returned them both. the material is great quality and it's a cute design. i would recommend trying t
This top looks adorable in the product photos  so i had high hopes. i think i might be too short to pull it off  but like another reviewer said  i found it to be like a tent on me  billowing out in all directions. it was just overall too big on me--i even considered whether i could wear it as a dress  but the sleeves were also too billowy on me. i am 5'4"  120 lbs and tried the xs.
I love an all cotton shirt! feels great and has a bit of quirky styling without being over the top
Love tiny. i am 5'7"  125-128 lbs depending on the day  and a 34a. i also have a very long torso  and tiny shirts are one of the few brands that are usually long enough for me. this one  however  was a huge miss. i ordered online in my usual tiny xs. it was much too big around and felt shorter in the front than stated  so it looked boxy on me. however  the worst part was the placket. the description doesn't note that it's held together with a tiny snap. that snap takes nothing to undo  and then
I'm a big fan of maeve products. still  even when i like something  i always prefer to try on in the store just to be certain. i decided to risk it this time and was so happy when this top came and it fit perfectly. i'm 5'3  150 lbs but carry more weight on bottom so i ordered the 8. it's just right--cute and flowy. i'll probably get another one in a different color!
Cute top  not great on me. beautiful  bright color.
I have a holding horses dress similar to this one from about a year ago.  i loved the swinging fit without it looking like a maternity dress.   the fit and style of this dress is wonderful  it's the color that killed it for me.   i ordered the "orange" because i liked the photo on the model.  when the dress arrived in the mail  i could hardly take it out of the package and try it on.   the color is almost neon orange.   too much for this redhead.  hard to wear that bright neony color.  not sure
Absolutely love! as others have mentioned  it's super comfy and the colors in the bottom definitely brighten up the sweater. the online brand says monogram  but the tag says sleeping on snow....weird.
I bought the color "black motif"although the markings look more dark purple and are similar to tie dyed coloring which is one of the things i love about this top. the fabric is so soft and i love the way the neckline falls. it is slightly sheer so may want to wear camisole underneath. personally i'm fine without it. looks great with jeans. i also tried it on in the "blue motif" which is the stripe version but found nothing special about that one.
Super cute sweater and i was totally excited and then i looked at the sleeves (which are not shown in the pictures). what you can not see are the dragonfly (sequins and sparkly beads suitable for women 4 and 84). ugh. too bad - going right back.
This is the most beautiful dress. i am so happy that i got it. it is very comfortable and the colors are brilliant. it's completely appropriate for a holiday party which is what i got it for and i'll be wearing it to a wedding in may also.
I ordered the green  black and ivory because i thought they were so cute. the sweater is short but still cute. the ivory one i will return though. it has sparkle that's not noticeable in the online picture plus when it arrived it had a huge snag in the fabric. i'm actually quite surprised they sent it to me in such poor condition.
I ordered this top online in two colors  and kept the berry color. i liked it while trying it on. when i wore it an entire day  the top just didn't look that good. it wasn't flattering  and it focused on the bad areas despite being loose fitting. it didn't seem very flattering. i wore it for one day and am not happy with my purchase. i wish i could send it back but i already wore it. the fit just isn't very flattering. it is loose but focuses on the curves not in a good way if you are curvy.
Purchased this today at my local retailer-been eyeing it a while-thinking i would wait until on sale-until the salesgirl whom i know said it was their second shipment and all have sold out. knew i needed to splurge. i tried on the small and x small and wound up going for the small. i did however try on 3 smalls and two of them were way to roomy  but the third one fit like a charm-it was quite a bit slimmer in body than the two smalls  strange but true. i do have room in it-i am a 32 c to 36 b and
For me  the tag sale is an opportunity to take a second look at items that i may have overlooked earlier  to pick up something fun at a good price. i found this dress in two colors in my size in the store! i took my usual xxsp at 32-24.5-32. length is perfect - just above the knee and the top is flattering with not too much fabric in the skirt. overall  this is a really cute staple dress. looking forward to wearing it in the spring. larger busted ladies size up. it is meant to be fitted in the t
Love this top  dramatic in a casual way.  i ordered the teal and love love love it....with skinny jeans or leggings the style is perfect !  i am over 50  so the teal is gorgeous and i think very age appropriate.  i ordered the blue also  a very pretty shade of blue.........but felt in this style  the bright/light colors would be more appropriate for someone younger.  it's a stunning top...........and fits very true to size..........the drama of the ruffle is what sets it apart..  hoping they do
This is an adorable little top. the tank has such beautiful detailing on the chest. the flowers are more red than pink. i found it to be tts on me.. the tank is flowy and loose.
I bought this for a beach getaway with the purpose of using it as a beach cover up. it was great for this purpose! however  i also bought it thinking that i could use it as a dress during the summer. i probably won't be using it for purposes other than the beach as it is extremely light weight and a bit sheer. also  although it's hard to see it in the photo  there are slits on the side of the dress. all of these elements make it perfect for the beach when you want a breezy  light-weight dress bu
Maeve once again created another beauty! love  love  love. i purchased the crocheted cape in cream and have received numerous compliments on the dress. get it while it lasts! i typically wear a 4-6 in maeve and got the 6 in this one.
This is a beautiful dress but unfortunately it is only for women who are not well endowed - it is extremely well fitted in the chest. the high waste also poufs out due to a lot of extra material and the double lining. a beautiful dress but a very very poor construction. also there are bright blue and yellow beads in the chest area that are a bizarre combo to the corals and browns of the fabric. i am normally a 4/6 at retailer and the 8 was extremely small.
I usually wear a small  4 or 6 and in this dress i couldn't even zip up the 8. so tight in the rib cage and chest. if i tried to go up even further the bottom half got much bigger. guess this one is not for me.
I bought this mainly because i have a similar one in the mustard colorway and i love how this flows. the color is definitely one you don't see a lot of  which is what makes it special. i could see it running a tad large  but i think it's pretty true to size. now i'm debating about buying it in blush!
I love the cut and "swing" of this tee. the royal blue is very saturated and pretty.
I first saw this top earlier in the year. i watched for it to go on sale and it finally did over the labor day holiday + 40% off. i was very happy about that. it runs a tiny bit big. i got the s. i wonder if the xs would have been better but i kept the small because of the price and how cute it looked on. it looks gray online but it is more greenish gray. it has a cute back detail  too. it looks cute with jeans and gray pants. it is just cute and different than most of my other tops.
I usually wear an xxsp in retailer brands. i bought this jacket in a regular size 0 and it fits like a glove. even the sleeves are the right length. it really accents my narrow waist. i imagine it runs very small for those who wear regular sizes. if you are petite this is the jacket for you. the jacket is unlined so i cant wear it in cold weather. it is very nice over a dress with black boots and with skinny jeans. i receive complements every time i wear this item!
The stylist at my local retailer recommended i try this dress and it did not disappoint!  the material is fabulous and it looks exactly as pictured on the model.  it also has pockets which is a bonus to me.  i normally wear a 4 but bought a 6 in this dress - i am a 34c and i felt the 4 was a little tight across the chest - otherwise i feel the dress is pretty much true to size.
So sad that this cardigan did not fit me. i listened to the review i read and tried a small  didn't come close to fitting. i tried a medium and it also did not fit. i think this item is designed for someone who has a small frame. i seem to be too tall for the item and too big in the chest. i usually always fit into a size medium.that being said the cardigan is very pretty and feminine  has an interesting design and is well made. so sad this item didn't work for me :-(
Way to v necked- other than that would be a nice go to top. needs a cami.
I wasnt expecting this top to be so soft and comfortable and breezy! i am usually an xs petite  but based on reviews i got the regular small. it is a little loose  but the length is perfect. i am short for reference (5'2  107 lb  32c). the buttons gaped a very tiny bit  like a centimeter  but not to the point where any skin or bra was visible. had i got the xsp  i think the gaping would have been an issue. the arms are too baggy for my taste (length is ok though)  but i fold the sleeves up at th
Although the material of this top is beautiful and the quality is nice as well  it really did not lay right on me. i'm a 34d  and i got my usual size in a small. the arm holes were a bit too big  the waist was too wide and it overall looked like a bib on me.
Such a great dress! it is super flattering. i love that its not too short on me(i am 5'11).
The bottom part of this romper is easy to put on  but the top is very poorly designed. it needs a zipper at the side or less of a yoke along the back. you have to wrangle your limbs in somehow and i was afraid it might tear. once i got it on  it fit perfectly though. getting out of it was a disaster. i had to ask a saleswoman for help and was so afraid it might rip. overall  i was crushed that it didn't work out because the print is super cute and it is very flattering.
The dress has a flattering cut and is a nice color. but  the fabric looks like old  matted carpet. i will be returning.
This coat looks great  but the fabric is thin--only partly wool. the snaps also don&amp;amp;#39;t stay shut very well; i&amp;amp;#39;ll probably add a hook-and-eye closure for security. despite its flaws  it looks good enough that it&amp;amp;#39;s a keeper (when purchased on-sale).
This is a great top going into the fall season. it runs a little large. i went down one size and it fits perfect!
The online pic does not even do this beautiful blouse justice. in person it is stunning and goes with everything.
This is a very nice bra  upset though because this is the second time i have ordered something from retailer and the place that the product was made was incorrect on the website. bra was made in peru and website said usa. makes it very hard to be socially responsible on this website. not sure i will continue to shop retailer in the future because of this.
This dress fits very nicely  i didn't keep it as i have too many dresses  but loved the fit. hip was a little looser compared to the top  you can almost see it on the model if you look closely  the dies poke out a bit. the teal color is very flattering on my pale skin tone. love the back  you can actually zip it all the way (mid back) with the tie in the neck  leaving a nice cutout... 0p fit me (115 lbs  26.5 in waist) 30 dd).
It is one of the best dress for the season. light  nice color  elegant  can not find more word of it. really great buy! this brand has very special design that really amazed me recently. just want to give a+ to the designer.
Ordered my regular size large and the fit was a snug around my hips when snapped. i didn't plan on wearing it that way so that wasn't a deal breaker for me. but because i have a larger bust i felt the padding added pounds and lots of width to my frame. i also had the same issues with coloring as other reviewers. and lastly  the collar is really high and it just bugged me. so this one went back.
I love the pattern of the red/orange dress. i bought this online for easter. i'm bummed. i felt frumpy. the dress fit. i'm 5'5" athletic build and i bought the xs. it is just not flattering on my frame. i looked like i had big hips  the waist band was not creating a waist for me and i need that... i wanted to keep it but sadly i will be returning it. my husband agreed i should return it.
I needed a dress to go to a reunion party(not hs) and this fit the bill perfectly. it fits perfectly and its short but not too short. it is a great work dress or change your accessories and its  perfect for out to dinner.
Love this dress. great lightweight fabric  bold colors  and lined to the knee. the lining makes sure the dress lies smooth  but it breaths well so it doesn't add extra heat. i found it ran true to size and it's a good length for tall girls. i like that you can tie the belt in the front or back. looks great on it's own or dress it up with a statement necklace. there is also a nice girth to the skirt giving it lots of movement. great find.
This is a very soft and comfortable jacket but it has holes in the pocket area. it was returned to the store and the other jackets had the same problem although not in the same area. the store was considering pulling the product off their shelves. it is unclear if the holes are just the beginning of a pocket or what. but it was flawed by everyone who looked at it.
I was so excited to receive this sweater in the mail since my local store didn't carry it. it is a very cute design if you have a smaller frame but i'm curly up top and it didn't lay they way it did on the model. there's plenty of stretch. unfortunately the fabric sheds and itches terribly. you could wear a shirt underneath but i'd have to wear a turtleneck so it'll be going back.
Purchased the cream color in my local store. it looks great with jeans or leggings. i've worn it with a bright cami underneath with a couple of buttons open and it looked really cute too. it is very comfortable  runs big  but it's meant to not be fitted. the addition of pockets  (that don't stick out)  makes me love it even more! i will be wearing this from fall to spring. great design  retailer!!!
I bought the multi-color stripe and it is adorable! i am 5'9"  135 lbs and purchased a size small. it is a perfect length and drapes well...not too tight at all. i received a ton of compliments the first time i wore it. highly recommend!
I bought the red and it is gorgeous. i love how it hangs - heavy but fluid. i usually wear a 4 but i bought a 6 and it was perfect.
Probably should have noticed the material this jumpsuit is made of before buying. tencel  thus little to no give kind of like linen and silk. beautiful material  soft with a slight sheen. the top portion fits well and the triangles cover the girls well (36dd). unfortunately there is no give on the back end for my bottom which is quite round and its tight around my thighs which aren't small either. (l/xl and 14). and sadly an xl would be too big upstairs and baggy around the middle. sigh  oh well
I loved this dress on. the material was quite different than expected  almost a canvas-y feel to it. ran a little large  but so cute.
I am 135 and went with a size zero. it was very cute on but a little tight on my hips when sitting. the fabric is beautiful  and very soft and silky. the length was great  comes to just barely above my knees and is long in the back. great work outfit.
I am a little retailer obsessed and have a lot of clothing from here....this has to be the best thing i've ever purchased. it is so soft and beautiful. i am 5'11 and 150lbs and got the m/l ...fits perfectly and doesn't swallow me up but it does hide my bottom and the sides come up but not to wear my side stomach is showing. it does sit at an angle on the body but to me that's so perfect  a little different and not a defect. it is not itchy whats so ever. i love this with skinny jeans and brown boo
The price is amazing for this easy and flattering dress. looks great as is or with a scarf  sweater  jacket  you name it! i just couldn't resist getting carried away with this one..
These are form fitting and have a great wash. the size runs large so i would say consider to go down one size than you usually wear. the bottom tapers so they are great to wear wtih flats or can easily fit into boots.
I am 5' 4" and 128 lbs and could have worn the 4 or 6 but took the 6. it does run short and the length in the 6 was better than the 4 with arm hole size being the same. the bees are embroidered making the fabric high quality and normally i would run from a print like this but not this one. it has great style!
The fabric has a beautiful drape; the skirt is a nice length  and it blows  moves  and swings in a most flattering way. the gray is a an elegant color  and one could definitely wear the dress at both casual and more formal events. the top  however  sags  and overwhelms the more fitted lining. too bad!
So let me start by saying i love non-skinny cut jeans. i'm a curvy athletic type with thick legs  so when a jeans comes around with a "generous" fit  i'm thrilled! these jeans are generously cut through the hips and waist  giving it a boyfriend type of cut. the denim is soft  like your old favorite pair of jeans that have been washed 1000 times. i did size down one size and probably could have gone down one more size  but i still want a bit of a looser cut. pilcro denim always has stretch in the
Bought the green/blue - colors are bright  fabric is so soft. the neckline is just right for a small chest. the top is structured nicely  giving you a figure flattering fit.
Just got this in - love the color and fabric  but it has no shape on me. i thought i'd wear a large because i have a 36ddd chest  but i should have gotten a medium  at the largest. also  even if it did fit  it came with a stain resembling toothpaste right in front. i'll be returning.
This dress is perfect  length right below the knee  white slip lining adds to quality  smocking fits upper body perfectly.
I'm always looking for easy casual items that will withstand being washed a million times  and i think this one will fall into that category. it's a nice thick knit - durable yet soft and sooo cozy. length is fantastic for leggings. i'll basically live in this on weekends!
This top is cute. i purchased a 2 instead of my usual size 4 and it fits well. i only recommend buying this top on sale. it is not good quality! there are loose threads hanging out of the seams all over the place and it is see through. it is totally nuts that it costs $88.
As much as i wanted to love this top  it was too flowy and and i felt like i looked bigger than i am (i'm a size 6). maybe a smaller size would have made a big difference.
Loved the open shoulders  but not how large and flowy the rest of it was. i could have worn it 9 months preggo ;)
I was quite excited to find this tee in the store. the design looked interesting and it seemed nice on the mannequin. the bright red color really stood out in person. i am 5'2"  34b  tried on my usual size s and it was humongous! although the sales lady found a size xs (they don't have size xxs available in the store) for me to try on  it was still huge like a tent. it probably would fit better for a tall body figure. i would recommend those who are interested in this tee to try it in the store 
This dress is super bulky and unflattering. the knit is loose and see-through. looks like it was knitted by a five-year old. if you need a dress that adds twenty pounds then this is for you. back to the store it goes
I wanted to love this top -- looks so comfy and cute. but hangs like a bag. going back!
I love this shirt so much i am ordering the coral too! the weight of the material makes it hang nicely. there is a lot of material but it lends itself to the flowy style. i got many compliments of this top!
The malabar moto vest is made of a beautifully soft fabric and is lined on the inside. the added details - pockets and epaulets - are a plus. the vest has snaps and a zipper. the length is just right and the vest has a flattering shape.
I was disappointed when i got this romper in the mail. the picture looks much cuter than in person. although it's true to size  it looks pretty baggy on. also  i thought the grey (top) and blue (bottom) were too similarly colored; more contrast would have been nice. i'm returning this item.
I agree with the other review that the dress runs big and long  but i love it! it's very flattering and i have super high wedges that work great with it. i don't think it runs "super big" but it's slightly big. definitely size down if small busted. i wore it out and got a ton of compliments. it's classy  different and hot!
This dress is absolutely stunning!!! i'm 5 feet & curvy. it's flowy  lightweight & has some sparkle mixed in with the gorgeous print. it fit everywhere except when i got the zipper up to my chest. i'm a 36dd & it wasn't going to finish zipping. i was very sad! i even tried the biggest size they had - a 12 & it didn't work. if that zipper had been able to go all the way up & would own this dress.
I got this shirt in red plaid and love it. super cute without being too trendy. i wore it with shorts and got lots of compliments.
Great dress that can be dressed up for work day or even dressed down for a nice weekend day.  i have it in black but thinking of buying in the yellow/orange color too.
Bought this shirt on sale. it was super cute in the dressing room  and for the first time i wore it. washed it per the instructions (wash delicate with cold water  lay flat to dry) and it shrunk so much i don't think i'm going to be able to wear it anymore. it was oversized and loose when i bought it  so it shrunk a lot. there is also a small hole all of the sudden  that i have no idea where it came from (wasn't there when i put it in the washer). very disappointed.
This dress fits and hangs so nicely. it is so versatile as well. dress it up or down!
The sweater material was really soft and seemed well-made. the back is an interesting twist  but the material creases easily; i can see it looking messy by the end of the day. the main reason i returned it though was because it runs very large. i got my usual s  and i could have sized down 1  maybe even 2 sizes. i didn't like it enough to try a smaller size.
I didn't think top was very flattering and  while in the picture the mismatched hem lines in the collar looked cute in person it just looks odd. this is especially true of the back of the sort where the mismatched hem repeats at the bottom...just looks mis-sewn instead of purposeful. sadly this one is going back to the store.
The design looked super cute online  but in person  the material seemed cheap. actually  at least in the green one  the material is different in the striped and solid sections; if it had all been the striped material  it would have been much nicer.
3 tags sewn in  2 small (about 1'' long) and 1 huge (about 2'' x 3''). very itchy so i cut them out. then the thread left behind was plasticy and even more itchy! how can you make an intimates item with such itchy tags? not comfortable at all! also - i love bralettes and wear them all the time including to work. i am a b cup. however  this one is so thin and flimsy that it gives no support even to a b cup - so for me this would only be a lounging bralette - if it wasn't so itchy!
I bough this in the blue green color and it's absolutely beautiful -- just as it appears online. actually the shirt in general looks just like it does online -- it's fitted up top and flowy everywhere else. this may be because i'm fairly straight-figured -- it's possible it would be less flattering on a bigger bust. i agree with the other reviewers who say the fabric wrinkles too easily. i am sometimes an xs and sometimes a s  and i ordered the s in this and like how it fits. note: in meadow rue
I just purchased this top in the store. it is definitely not tunic length as shown here  but rather hip length. also it runs a little small in the bust and had to go up a size. but it is adorable.
I decided to take advantage of the free shipping despite seeing no reviews yet. i received the dress today and it is exactly as pictured  only about 3 inches shorter. i am usually between an xs and s but chose the xs because of late  everything i seem to order is huge. this was an exception and i could have ordered the s. color was as pictured  a nice green. fabric was a gauzy cotton. the dress was just "alright". nothing special to warrant the price tag. it felt like a little girl's dress on me
As another reviewer wrote.. this is not the same jean featured on the website. same cut and style but it's a light denim wash with wiskering and worn look at the knees. i called customer service to see if this was a mistake and they said there was not really a way to check it unless i exchanged them. i didnt want the same wrong jeans again so i opted out ... too bad they are cure.
I love this dress. the fabric is butter soft  the strapless top stays in place and it hangs beautifully. it is such a wonderfully comfortable summer dress. as previously stated  i'm in love.
Love this top and will be wearing it for our fall family pics this weekend! it is lovely  soft and flattering.
Not keeping this one. the fabric is a bit tacky-looking in person  the cut is odd and it's just not me. fit is fine and there are snaps to keep the neckline flat and shaped  the colors are as shown and it is a good length (falls to top of hip). i simply did not like it. too metallic looking maybe...
This general sweatshirt is cute  stylish and can be dressed up or down. a fresh alternative to the standard grey sweatshirt with leggings for casual mornings.
Pros--this dress is so super soft and warm...i feel like i'm just wearing a winter throw when i have it on.  cons--way  way too big. i returned the small  which easily should have been a large (with room to spare) and got the extra small...it's still way too big. they definitely have this dress clipped behind her back so it doesn't look so huge and there's a reason there isn't a video showing how this dress looks when it moves...because it is ginormous and they know it!  but i still kept the xs
If you are over 25  this top probably is not for you. it is absolutely see-thru. great style and beautiful light fabric  but you can see right thru it.
Facing the mirror--near perfection. high waist emphasizes the narrowest part of the frame--pleats nicely hide any stomach flaws. color is an eye-catching deep mustardy perfection and the interlocking button pattern is creative and beautiful. the problem is the walk away. from that view  the skirt waist finishes just where there's a bit of extra flesh. the cut is more of a long a-line--fairly boxy--and the heaviness of the cotton maintains that structure  so while the look as you approach walking
I've been buying stevie ankles for years from retailer and been very happy. the past two pairs i bought had a heavy chemical smell  which i imagine is some kind of starch/chemical to keep the denim stiff. with the first pair  after enough washes to get rid of the bad smell (4)  they lost all form and looked terrible since they were washed i couldn't return them. the 2nd pair arrived with the same heavy smell and i returned them. it may be they are made elsewhere now  but it's disappointing.
But-the problem is i cannot get the color to stay below the shoulders. the large appeal of this top is the over the shoulder look-but in just trying it on it would pop off the shoulders and make a cowl neck kind of top that didn't lay right. if it would have stayed it would have been a real win for me. i like the quality of the fabric and the longs sleeves  but i can't get the desired look to work out so this is going back.
If you like loose flowing tops  embroidery  and fluttery sleeves  you'll adore this top! i went a size down and it's a perfect fit.
I saw this top online and had to buy it immediate (which is rare for me). it looked loose and forgiving but had a polished look. it didn't disappoint when i tried it on. however  the straps are a bit loose and will need to be altered. the linen fabric can be rough or itchy  but still a gorgeous top!
This is a nice style and pattern  but it is quite clingy around the hips  so beware if you don't like to reveal too much in that area. i do love the tulip-like hem.
The fabric is super soft and the grey is pretty  but it is light grey not dark grey as described when you select to buy it. my biggest issue with the top is that the cold shoulder arm reveals the entire arm  so if you aren't completely toned with your tricep and all over arm  it will show... which is why i bought this to hide my blunders
I loved the idea of this dress and was hoping it would be worth the astronomical price tag for what really is a cotton jersey dress. unfortunately  this dress missed the mark. in the pictures this dress looks like the fabrics are navy blue and some sort of white. well  it is not white or whitish at all but baby pink! bright baby pink! even the light pattern on the navy background is actually pink. huge disappointment. my other issue is with the length of this dress. the description says that the
Great shirt that is basic with a little something extra. meadow rue does it again...i swear i buy everything they put out...
I purchased this sweater online and it's amazing. styling with jeans is nice but to me dark navy pants works the best.
The print and style we're great! unfortunately  my bust unbuttons the top. there's no way i can wear this  even if i sized up.
This picture does not due this sweater justice  at all! i purchased this today for summer. it's beyond cute and the colors are awesome! it's a very light sweater with a fitted (but not too tight) light feel. the sleeves are a little longer than quarter length  at least on me. it looks amazing with white pants  very fresh!!
I absolutely love the look and fit of these pants. what is even better is that they don't stretch out while wearing them. i will get a lot of use out of them!
I chose to ignore the other reviews saying this shirt was too wide thinking that my wider shoulders would fill it out  but that's not the case. the shirt is adorable and soft and cute on  but just too wide around the armpit/chest area and with the horizontal stripes it just didn't look attractive. i would love to try the next size down to see if it works  but the black and white xxs is sold out so back it went. i am only 5'4" with a shorter torso so the length was fine for me.
This skirt is adorable. i like it because its different and i like this length. the cactus look gray in the picture  but they are green.
How can some reviewers say this jacket is true to size  yet others say it runs small? i think it's because this jacket is cropped. by the time i took advantage of the fall perks 20 percent discount  the xs peach was sold out so i ended up ordering size s. i also got the xs gray to compare. sure enough  the xs looks better but is cropped on me. for ref  i'm 5' 5"  32a  115 lbs. i don't really need another almost black jacket so i'm either sized out or have to exchange for xs peach to wear with dr
I was in love with this top from the moment i put it on. it is of high quality  with layers to ensure the top isn't sheer. the embroidery is so pretty and the top looks way less grandma in person. i ordered the petite xxs and it fits perfectly. i really appreciate that the underarm holes are just the right size and don't show off any of my bra  which sometimes happens with sleeveless tops. i can wear it with jeans and boots or with a pencil skirt and heels and it looks great with both outfits. o
Nice weight and loved the design  but the inside was what i loved the most. it doesn't show in the photos  but the zipper is a light blue and the fabric is double-sided  so the inside is lined with light blue flowers on a darker blue background. cute detail! the only drawback was the length of the sleeves. they were about 2" too long...and i have long arms! there wasn't enough stretch in band of the sleeve to keep them up once you pushed them up. the only other option i came up with was to fold
1. i'm 5'6" tall with a short waist and long legs  and this skirt came all the way down to my ankles. i would have kept it if it had stopped mid-calf like in the photo.  2. i'm 38-32-40 and the size 12 fit me perfectly in the waist hip area  so i would say it runs true to size.  3. the buttons lay nice and flat over the tummy  so that's a plus. at least you don't have to undo them to go to the bathroom.
True to size  nice unique shoulder/neckline fit and blousey/full on the bottom and arms which taper in. for me  i prefer to wear it tucked or partially tucked in to add waist definition. though a vest or belt can also be used. sheer  you will need a cami. lovely flow and colors.  the collar pleats and neck tie add a romantic interest. just beautiful.
I really wanted to love this tank top.  it has vibrant colors and a unique pattern; however  i should have listened to the reviews.  there was way too much fabric!  it made me look pregnant!  the tank top is going to be returned.
This was way better than i expected it to be. tts and flattering. the material on the top section is on the thinner side  but is very soft and comfortable. the skirt section is a little on the shorter side for me  but with tights i think i could still make it wearable for work.
Too pricey for the quality of this imported product.
This coat is so beautiful! like others i wouldn't have even considered it online but i tried it on in the store and absolutely fell in love with. it is the softest material ever and is so flattering on.
This shirt is amazingly soft and has such a great cut  especially for me being curvy. i love to pair this with cute leggings or tight ankle jeans with my boots. recently wore on a casual date with the hubby and he loved it paired with my dark brown leather jacket and dark jeans.     only reason i gave it 4 stars was that the shirt tends to stretch out a little at the bottom is seems as you wear it throughout the day - it is still a great shirt and if possible i would buy more.     need to bring
Overall great romper! i have a long torso and thicker legs so i sized up to a small and i am very happy i did. the shorts are a bit on the shorter side and go upon the sides so another reason to consider sizing up. the quality is great and super soft chambray with a trendy tie up.
I think this jacket is meant to be large on for a particular look. with an xs i had no problem. it's large  but slouchy and cute. i adore it!
I love these pants but they run super big and still stretch after wearing. i am usually a 2/ 26 and had to get a 0. also the pocket flaps stick up on the corners and ironing doesnt help.  still comfortable but i would have never paid full price for these if i had known.
This is a really nice dress for the money. i definitely had to size down. i've always taken a 4 in hd in paris tops  so i initially ordered a 4. but it was a little too big in the chest area. (i wear a 32dd so normally this isn't my issue.) i replaced it with a 2 and it fits great. i also have a long torso  which can be an issue for me with dresses. but this one works on me! this is definitely a good dress for taller girls. the material is high quality too. i'm going to wear it to my friend's we
I ordered the petite in my size  since i'm well petite  but curvy. i recommend this dress if you don't have a lot of boobage. unfortunately  for me the waist line came up high an inch below my bra line and made the dress poof out at my hips in an unflattering way. its so pretty and i was really excited about ordering it. it fits  but just is not flattering because of my boobs. this is always my problem though with dresses.
I recommend this topper but with reservations. it is beautiful looking  especially the lace portion.   it is also very wide. the gathered portion is a complete design fail  it balloons up right below the bust  making one look wide and pretty ridiculous. it's obvious that the model is hiding the gathered poof by placing her arms close to her body. but i knew this from the other reviews posted here so it was no surprise.   i ordered size s  the smallest available  and it fit very wide more like a
After reading so many great reviews i was sure i was going to love it but i'm so glad i tried it on in the print at the store. the small was baggy in the bust - ti was not slightly fitted as shown in the picture. the extra small was to small in the chest and the seam came up too high. it was also very low cut. the shirt as shown has to be pinned behind the models back because there's no way it would look like that otherwise. if it would have been a little more tailored as shown in the photo i wo
I love this sweater! timeless--classical with an edge! i will have it until the end.
So easy to put on for a casual day!  washes great!
The shirt is mostly a thick sweatshirt material and is very short when trying on - undershirt required to make up for length and the see through mesh in the pattern.  felt about 1 size too small as well
Very cute!! true to size
I am a curvy girl and bought these jeans in a size 31. i don't have stick legs  and the jeans have worn right through were my thighs rub together. with the old pilcro material  this did not happen! this is a super soft jean  and although the fit was good  they just didn't last.
Normally i am a size 10 or 12 but i sized down to a small. still very swingy and beautiful. i bought the pink and the taupe as well. the colors are beautiful and have great texture to hide stains!
The waistband is reminiscent of yoga pants except looser. i think these pants are a little large and wide-legged. i have a bigger butt and i like my pants on the looser side overall so maybe that is why they were super loose on me. i think they are a great way to get away with wearing casual pants when you need to dress up. i feel like they would look best on a taller person. i need to get them hemmed.
Agree with the other reviewers. this top is excellent. great length  weight & bounce to it  flattering without being clingy. i'm 5'10" with a long torso  so i'm always in the market for tops with longer hemlines and decent material without being too tight or clingy. this one i love! i bought it in black  then went back for the turquoise  then two more... if that doesn't tell you what a great shirt this is  i don't know what will.
When i received this tank  i ordered the blue  i almost returned it because it seemed really thin  almost see through. however  once i tried it on it had a good fit  not see through  just lightweight and breezy. i especially like the twisted details on the straps. i would suggest a bralette with a cross back for comfort  especially because it is on the thin side.
Gorgeous colors  great neckline (can be worn off one shoulder)  the slits on the side allow for wear as tunic or as half tucked. very cute.
Found this dress on the sale rack  but the store did not have my size. fortunately they were able to order & ship it free. the colors & fabric caught my eye right away. it reminds me of a vintage apron print  but in a good way. i'm tall with a long torso & i  had to lower the waist tie.
I originally bought the tan at the store. i loved it so much and ordered the red  but went down a size as it does run big. perfect for the summer.
This is a swingy shape which means a lot of fabric on the bottom half. so many retailer tops could be maternity wear for this reason  i'm ready for the trend to die out! that said  this print is very pretty and the fabric is great - not sheer for a nice change. i'm returning it because the arm holes are large and my bra shows at the sides. this is a pet peeve of mine. i don't want to wear a cami under a tank. almost a home run  i'm tempted to try one size down but i wouldn't like it shorter so i p
This was not what i was expecting. at all. i am a medium in just about everything but ordered a large to possibly wear this as a dress instead of a tunic since i am around 5' 4". the large fit like a small on me  and not like a typical oversized sweater type small  but a normal fitted top small. a previous reviewer said it is long and straight  and i think that is a good description for it. i think the models wearing this in the pictures are all wearing an extra-large #or a different cut of the
This dress is beautiful. it is longer than it looks on the model (i'm 5/5) but drapes beautifully. it is perfect for a wedding or a special event. i love it!
This dress fits perfectly. the cut is so flattering. i am tall but the length is great. not too short.
I just bought this dress in the store and i absolutely love it except for one thing. why are the sleeves on the actual dress so much shorter than the picture with the model? i suspect the model has long arms  not little t-rex arms  so why does the sleeve hit at the top of her wrist  while my lovely dress hits just past my elbow. it's a mystery. was the pictured item not what the store took delivery of? anyway  still a great dress  just trying to figure out if i should add lace or something to ma
Saw this in the store and had to have it after i tried it on. it's shape is unique  it's very "floaty" and looks awesome with skinny cropped jeans & chunky sandals.   the "empire" does hit across the breast line  not below. i thought it added to the different shape  & didn't look odd on me. i am 5'6" so it might overwhelm a petite frame.
These pants are so comfortable and cute!! you can dress them up or down!
I purchased the teal suit and it was so beautiful! it's super comfortable and has nice coverage. i decided to return it because  as a nursing mom i've decided to wait until i've weaned the baby so i can make sure the fit is still good. but otherwise i would have kept it!
The style was really cute but the fit was huge. i ordered an xs. i don't think going to the xxs would have helped. i ended up returning it.
My conscience screamed at me not to buy this sweater and i wish i had listened! i noted the fact that it was acrylic and also the fact that it was oversized. but i also loved the design and can't resist anything with mustard yellow. i was instantly disappointed when i received it  almost didn't even try it on. how can they possibly charge $185 for terrible itchy 80's acrylic? it looks cheap  it feels cheap and it didn't even fit well. only redeeming quality: easily returnable!
I just received this dress and it so adorable with the pineapple print  really flattering on and very well made. the shoulder styling and cut out in the back makes it really stand out for style. the con for this cute styling is it is not bra friendly no matter what bra you wear. even strapless will show in the back cut out as it is open where most bras go. it has handy side pockets and fits very true to size. i'm a 12 in most dresses and the 12 fit perfectly everywhere. but  i am sending it back
This top is really cute online  but that's about it.  it runs large  but even if i sized down the ruffles were a bit much and the top was a little boxy surprisingly.
I couldn't get this to work for me. tried a variety of sizes and just couldn't get it to flow right. didn't purchase.
I should have heeded the previous reviewer's advice. but i'm really short so i thought i'd give it a try. there is something really wrong with the bust. first  it's about 3-4 inches higher than it should be. the bottom trim cut across the middle of my bust. even if i hoisted everthing up in there to fit the cups  they are really only designed to fit cones  not curves. from the side it looked hideous. too bad  because the fabric and fit everywhere else is gorgeous.
I'm usually a 6 in dresses and the 6 here fit okay. loose but still flattering a little long for a sundress. i was unhappy with it looking a little frumpy and being so loose under the arms all my bras showed . i took it back to the store and after reading the reviews here decided to try the smaller sizes...well multiple dresses later i ended up buying a size 2 petite!!! and i'm 5'9". the 2 reg and petite still had the loose gathering look to the top but both fit much better under the arms so tha
I wanted to love this top  but when i received the picture on the website is a dark charcoal almost black and the "grey" that you order is much  much lighter grey. in addition  this shirt is super boxy... thus why the model probably is pinning her elbows to her side to bring the top in. going back disappointed.
This dress has so much potential but doesn't make it.  i read all the reviews and very few were favorable and still took my chances. fabric color and textures is great but the design is really off.  with the little folds on the shoulder and since the fabric is more on the thick side  all this make it to accumulate the "extra" weight on the front of the body and as result "not flattering" for the majority of ladies including me  it is a shame since it has may great features  the style: flowy  low
As others have said  this is cropped  so will look funny with most pants that aren't high waisted. i'm going to try it with a few dresses before i return it. the lining is adorable  so i don't want to have to send it back.
I found that this dress ran very small. i am true 8  ordered a 10 and it was snug
I love the color and style of this dress. and i wanted to love it too? sadly the fabric is truly inferior to the retailer brand and definitely not worth the price of the dress. checked it out in store and so glad i did as it would have been returned for sure.
Nice top. armholes are a bit oversized but as an older woman  i'm picky about that. the print is pretty and unusual. it just didn't look great on me. there's a slight peplum in the back that hangs nicely. it's a lightweight tee fabric that's opaque. i tried it on with a black bra which was barely visible. great for warmer climates but there are so many gorgeous tops out now  that i decided to return since summer is winding down. i do recommend.
This was a lovely skirt. the colors are beautiful  and the style is not too poofy like other ball skirts. it is very high waisted  and at 5'8" the length was similar to the model.
I am normally a straightforward 10 - since i saw the other review i ordered down to an 8 - i am still swimming in it.i would say i have about 4 inches of extra fabric in the waist/hips. this is sized way too large. i love the softness of the checkers but i suspect this could get itchy fast on the arms where it touches the wool - but i won't find out cause i'm returning it?on the bright side i might fit a 6 which would be pretty nice.
The colors on this sweater are cute  the fabric is good quality and not too thick for spring. the fit is tts.
If you like looking like a giant square and hide things this is the way to go. for me  it completely irradiates my shape  including my neck. this will be returned.
I am wearing a medium in the photos and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40. i did not purchase this top.
I am not particularly large but i have thighs! this pair of pants was totally unflattering! my butt looked fine but everything else looked bigger and my legs looked like stumps. i now understand why it's on sale. you may like these pants if you are tall and thin legged. but otherwise skip them. plus the material seems like it would discolor or stain easily. i had a pair from retailer in the same material last year that developed an odd discoloration the first time i wore them.
I wanted to love this  but instead of being a flowy kimono top as pictured- it was a thick blazer type garment. not at all what is pictured here unfortunately. also it was much shorter than pictured and i am only 5'4''.     love most retailer styles  but this one was a miss and a return.
Similar to others here  these pants were ruined after one wash. the first pair i bought simply faded after one wash  which was okay  but the second pair got weird splotches on the backside. i'd rather not call attention to that particular area of my body;) could've been a great addition to my wardrobe if they were better quality.
This top is good quality and cute. it runs large- i'm usually a medium and needed a small. the reason i will be returning it is because it flares out at the bottom on the black which is very unflattering on. it makes me look wide in the waist or like i'm wearing a maternity top. unfortunate because i really liked everything else about it.
This shirt is a great way to rock the off the shoulder trend. you can dress it up or down bi would definitely recommend it.
This is a beautiful sweater  but if came up weirdly high on me in back  higher than it looks on the model. she must have on high waisted pants.
Tried this on in the store - i love the colors but the cut was just not flattering. the liner was fine  but the dress flared out excessively and looked like a tent. tried it with a belt for some definition but the fabric was too thick.
I'm keeping this dress but it's going straight to the dry cleaner because right out of the bag it has a very strong chemical smell... like it had been stored in a gas station. then  i'm replacing all the buttons. the fabric is a thick eyelet  folded over with these teeny  thin shell buttons that are a complete design fail. two were broken right out of the package. also  i'm a size 0 in most retailer dresses and this dress has plenty of room in the waist  almost too much space  but the top... i hav
I don't have a large head but i could barely squeeze this blouse over mine. i also ordered the xs even though i'm usually a small and it was still blousier than i would have liked. already returned it. on the plus side  it's gorgeous.
This dress fit perfectly  i think it fit just like it shows on the model i also think the color represents itself nicely in person as well. i do however think that the dress is over priced. for as often as you would wear this dress (given that isn't a basic black and would definitely be remembered by people were you to wear it more than once) i think the price is way too high.   a must have on sale or clearance  but probably not a keeper for me full price in this color combination  we will see t
I loved this top when i saw it online  and i still love the idea of it. unfortunately  the execution of the design fell short. i'm 5'4 w/ a long lean torso. i ordered my usual small  and the arms on the shirt were so long! b/c of the way the sides of the top cut up and my 34 d chest  i don't think a petite would work for me. such a cute top  but it just won't work for me.
This top would be perfect if not for the large gap in the front where it wraps. the hook and loop just do not work to keep the top closed. love the pink color and the fit otherwise. i am almost always a medium but the small was perfect for me. for reference: 5'6"  145 lbs  34dd.
I was attracted to the feminine design of the dress  the silhouette  the flouncy skirt; however  i ordered the red motif pattern and hated the splotchy  dark colors.
This is a quirky  whimsical  uniquely designed top that's sure to get a lot of comments and opinions (and hopefully good ones!). i really love it. think it is what it is  a fun  conversation piece.  and isn't that what's great about fashion? tts  very comfy  yes boxy  but i don't think in a bad way. the ruffle on the bottom is adorable. would look great with slim ivory or white denim and booties  or even a darker denim. hits mid bum. nice quality too.
I love the design of this sweater and ordered it online  but was disappointed with the quality of the yarn when it arrived. also the color was a little different than i expected from the photo  still a type of ivory  but a little yellow-y. the sweater was solid looking  but the yarn seemed a bit cheap and i'm not sure how well it would have worn over time. flattering cut. i liked how it fit  but for the price and fabric  i decided to return it. unfortunate to lose money on shipping.
As much as i had wanted this to work for me  it didn't. fabric is not as soft as i had expected and quality is just bad. i purchased this online (on sale at $29.95) and i had envisioned this to be comfy stretchy and swingy with a flow. i sent this back to the store as it didn't seem fit even at the low price.
This robe is exactly what i was looking for.  it's perfect for lounging around while getting ready and also good for post-shower while i'm still drying off.  it is a little shorter than it looks on the model  but that's fine for me.  only downside is that it has to be hand washed.
I recently purchased this dress at my local retailer when it was 40 percent on sale. i was overwhelmed with how much i liked it. it's comfortable  elegant and very chic.     i will make this my go-to dress from now on.
I love this bralette. i have it in other colors as well and it is always the one i go to when i want comfort.
This is a beautiful vest. i love the color-blocking  the modern and structured style  and its versatility.  i bought it with a defective item discount because there were some stains. i promptly took it to the dry cleaners and was informed that the black would bleed onto the white paneling if they did a full wash. they spot-cleaned it  and it did bleed. although the tag says to dry clean this baby  the black dye will bleed to the white fabric. i'll be taking it back into the store today for a ref
I'm assuming the model showing the sweater is at least 5'9"  it is slightly cropped on her   but it certainly doesn't look super cropped. i'm 5'4" and its super cropped on me. even with high waist jeans.  also  it is incredibly itchy. i even tried it with a cami under but the itchy wool came right through the cami.  too bad  its a cute design  just needs some tweaking.
Just received this beautiful jacket of quality wool and superior design. i love it and wore it christmas eve with tailored black pants. the fit is perfect in the shoulders  sleeve length and generous in the hips  waist. i used the tie to gather it in a bit at the waist  but plan to have an inch or so taken in on either side at the hip to avoid my looking too wide. a matter of preference  but i have most things tailored--a must at my age! i felt young and attractive rather than old and non-descri
Got this for my daughter for christmas. she loves the "boho peasant" look. i thought the fabric would be white or at least cream color but it was closer to pale yellow. although the fabric quality and texture is lovely (more substantive than i expected)   she just couldn't like the top with the color being so off. disappointing as picture makes it much prettier.
I ordered the pink in size xl. the color was pretty. the problem is the material was too thin and tight. it ran at least a size smaller than shown in the photos online.
This dress has special written all over it. the poms at the hem and bodice  as well as the rows of black seed beads push are the kind of details that stand out. i like all the varying textures. it looks great with sandals or short boots. fits true to size. a nice sassy length.
I wanted to love this skirt and i agree with the other reviewers. the color of the skirt is beautiful. i've never seen anything quite like it at retailer! the quality is superb and the material is fairly substantial given the brocade design. however  the skirt made my hips look a lot bigger than they are because the shape of the skirt is more of a tulip-design. i purchased an 0 petite (because my normal size 00 petite was sold out) and while the waist part fit the hip part was disproportionately l
I love jumpsuits for their style and comfort. i loved the look of this blue silky piece  and the review that said it was like lounge wear you could wear out of the house. i agree that it is like lounge wear  but for me  there were a few challenges.    first  the fit was small. i am usually anywhere between a 2 and a 6 depending on style  cut and brand. i tried the small in this and it was not a flowy look or feel. it was restrictive in the hip area in a way that would make me not want to wear th
I love white for summer and by august i am tired of wearing sleeveless...so this caught my eye. it is very easy to wear and pretty on. i wore it with black tie up shoes and accessories. super comfy & stylish.
Very disappointed. the cutouts started to rip the first time i wore it. i've only worn it twice and i love it but the cut outs are embarrassing.
I love this swisuit. it is very well made and super flattering. i've received so many compliments on it. i have 3 little kids (4  2.5  and 7 months) so it is perfect for chasing them around at the pool or beach. i am still working on losing the baby weight  so the rusching in front works well to hide my tummy. i am 5'2 and about 116lbs and the size 4 works well. i'm hoping it will go on sale so i can buy another one  but i imagine these will sell out quickly.
This dress is so beautiful in person! but the quality was very upsetting. i had two buttons come off before even putting it on. i was so excited to get his dress for my wedding shower and then i couldn't wear it :(
This dress fits me perfect. the only complaint i have is that it was a little snug around the neck every now and then. it was a little snug getting in and out of the dress too. overall  the design is beautiful and it is definitely my new favorite.
I have been looking for leather or faux leather pants for a while  and these look great. they are more expensive than other faux leather pants  but the quality is much higher. i'm glad i didn't buy the cheap "leather look" pants i keep seeing. the only caveat is that they do run small  like the other reviewers said. i am a 27 pretty consistently in this brand  but i got the 28. they fit perfectly. because of the material on the back  they do not lose their shape  either. highly recommended.
Beautiful dress.  the  printed material under the tulle however hung 3 inches lower than the tulle skirt. i had to take it to the cleaners and have it hemmed to match the length of  tulle skirt because it looked awkward. even after paying full price for the dress i didn't mind spending the extra money to have it hemmed because the dress is that beautiful.
This dress is beautiful as pictured on the model. but on me  not so much. i am normally a size 0/00 with a 32b bra size. i ordered this dress in an xs and it was just too big and boxy. i also thought the material was going to be thicker  but it was very thin and didn't seem to fall right on my body. beautiful design  just not the right material or fit.
Really like this top. fun flair  nice quality shirt. great for dressing up with skirt and also would be perfect with boots for the rodeo. i paired it with a skirt and boots for church. wore white cami under to emphasize lace details. super cute. tried 8 and 8p. thought petite was too short in length on me (5'4"). will send petite back.
The dress is nice  but i was not excited about the color. the only color is this blue. also everyone has their favorite fit. i think i like some other fit better. my biggest problems are color and that is made majorly from synthetic materials. otherwise it fits well and for the right body type it will be perfect fit. i like to own dresses made of more natural materials.
I bought this in both the black motif and the ivory. i got a size 2 and i would say it is true to size. the fabric is very comfortable and doesn't wrinkle easily. it does have a "flowy" look to it but i didn't find that it had too much fabric. i wouldn't tuck it in though. i find it looks really good with skinny jeans/pants and i love throwing a cardigan over it for cooler days. the details in the double buttons and on the back are really cute and make it more unique. i recommend the shirt.
Cannot believe this is still available and on sale. am 5' 6 1/2"  150lbs  size 12 is perfect. this jacket goes with everything i try it with. it is silky smooth but still has structure. is a softer blue than navy. i love it! this is an absolute steal on sale.
I love the idea of this top.  i had reservations when i ordered it d/t the large armholes but i envisioned wearing my cute cropped pilcro jean jacket with it.  it turned out to be a disappointment.  the armholes are gigantic and the sweater itself did not fit as on the model.  the front was much shorter and wider and basically stuck out from my body.  for reference  i ordered the xxsp.  sizing up might have lengthened the front but would have exacerbated the armhole problem.
This dress runs so large  why did they not make an extra small. the material and detail are great the flow in the back is different but is flattering. i wish wish that they made this in the extra small  i was swimming in it  there was no way to fix it so it went back
Already got a lot of compliments on the first day i wore this skirt. great fun shape  very flattering. however  the 2 panels were sewn using some type of hard/plastic thread which becomes very itchy when you sit down (you can literally feel it through the liner and i'm concerned that over time it might actually rip it). very poor attention to details...
Love everything about the top. it's very versatile wear by itself or with a cute jacket. it's a great staple to have in your closet.
Love this piece! lots of versatility and the pattern is lovely. wear it alone or with leggings and boots.
Just buy these! i bought the olive green color and loved them  so i bought the navy blue. they fit true to size  i'm a size 4 and bought the 27. they are comfortable and make your bum look good. i prefer skirts  dresses and shorter pants like these gauchos instead of shorty shorts during the summer  and these will be something i wear all the time in warm weather. you can wear them casually or dress them up.
I loved this top  however had to return as it does run small. by the time it arrived they were sold out in the larger size. like the quality of cloth and stone  however their products do run a size small.
I purchased this dress in "yellow" in a size 8 and 10 since i'm between sizes  and the 8 fits like a dream. i love this dress. it's a nice length  hitting just below my knees  and i can pull off strappy sandals as well as wedge heels and it all looks great. i also like that the top is situated so that i can wear a regular bra with it. i was concerned that the pleats would look tacky in person  but they give the dress a nice amount of movement and swing. highly recommend!
I tried this on in the navy/white combination and loved it  except it is cut rather full or large through the waist especially. if you can size it down so it fits you  you will love it. it is very soft; an easy top to throw on  feel comfy  and look fantastic! i sure wish it was smaller :/
I'm 5'3  with a 32h chest. ive always had a hard time finding clothes that fit well because i'm chest heavy. this fits perfectly without making me look bigger than i am and hides my post pregnancy pooch well!     i usually order a medium at retailer and ordered a medium in this sweater.
I have this in black and red. it's a great and flattering dress that is a worn a bit large. you can wear it out on a date or more casual. the fabric is super comfortable as well.
Super cute skirt. i decided to return it because i felt like i did't have enough tops to go with it.
What a flattering top! great with jeans or shorts. i'm a sz12 and l was perfect for me. love the colors - got lots of comments.
Cute dress...but akward fit. sleeves are a bit sung but the rest of the dress is a little large for its size.
Recommend this vest - nice design - fabric is thicker than expected - might suggest a size smaller - plenty of room in loose styling
I'm all over this trend  but this vest is quite thick/poufy  and on me i feel like it triangles out and all you see is furball. i love it - but i think you need some height for this to look its best. on me  a sweater vest would perhaps be better. i am chesty. but i cant decide. its really cute! if you're taller than 5'4" don't hesitate.
I was disappointed with the style and quality of this dress. it poofs out funny in the waste and it just looks very unflattering. i'm sending it back.
Such a great dress. fit is flattering. the small v cut in the front and beading around the neckline keep it from becoming a boring lbd. classy enough to wear to a funeral but can be dressed up with some killer shoes. thrilled with purchase!
I thought this was so cute online  sweet and feminine  but when it arrived and i tried it on in my usual 12p i felt like i had just stepped back into freshman year of highschool - it is very early 90s - not the bohemian i was going for. it is also very high waisted  even for my little 5'1 frame. i truly felt like they pulled this out of someone's closet  dusted it off and said  ta da! as much as i love rachel and monica i have moved on from their clothing :)
I own many retailer dresses but the sizing can be odd. i usually wear a size 4-6 and i have a floreat maxi dress size 4 that works well. i am 34c and based on the reviews i decided to order a size 6. the dress fits well except for he bust area that is very snug/couldn't even get the zipper up. i will probably have to order a size 10 to be able to close the zipper on the bust area but it will be huge everywhere else.the fabric seems very delicate and may develop runs easily. it's a shame because th
Super soft fabric  however very short in the stride. i ordered an xl  normally wear 12/14.  i had to return it.
I didn't really notice the collar when i ordered it on line and i'm not really liking it. it's the rough  unstitched thing they like to do sometimes and it just makes it look slightly more casual and well  rough around the edges. it's a nicely cut  great fitting sweater though so i'll be looking for some scarves!
This is a beautiful skirt. great  soft  draping fabric. fringed along the edges. i ordered size large  which was an okay fit  perhaps a bit wide but the drawstring helps at the waist. because i carry my weight in the tummy  this made me look wider than i am. as an elder  i just couldn't handle the length which hit me right at the top of the widest part of knee. i have great legs but my knees aren't their best feature. so sadly  returned but i do recommend.
Wearing this dress for the first time now  and i love it! soft material  comfortable  and easy to dress up or dress down  making it good for all kinds of different occasions.    i was a bit nervous about the initial purchase due to other reviews saying this dress isn't great for pear shapes  but i whole-heartedly disagree! i think it actually just needs a belt for those of us with particularly curvy figures - i'm wearing a belt around my natural waist  and have bloused out the top and it looks g
Seafolly is my favorite brand in swimwear. i've collected a few over the years. i was so happy to find this print. the little umbrellas are so cute and fun. i am normally a size 8 in seafolly and this one ran true to size.
This top looks great and feels great. got lots of compliments when i wore it for thanksgiving. i pretty plan to wear this for every holiday event this year and will layer it with sweaters and scarves to mix it up.
I wanted to wear this for my journey to cuncun and i wanted the blight pink as photo however it was a dark pink which didn't fit to me unfortunately... but the design was pretty!
I love this outfit so much and bought the skirt pictured with the top on the model in high hopes my quest for the perfect date night outfit would be ended. not so. for starters the top is much more of a beige in person. a horrible unflattering color that few can get away with successfully. secondly there is just so. much. fabric. it billows and bunches all over the place to wear it out like that as shown would be silly and to tuck it in looks like i've tried to hard to make it "work"  lastly the
Love these! i wore them today for the first time and got tons of compliments. they are comfy and sooooo cute for summer. also  fyi  they make my butt look great.
I have been looking for a cute raincoat forever. they are usually "just a raincoat". when this raincoat arrived - i was happy to finally have something that was fun to wear. only issue is a little tightness across the shoulder area - hoping this will just slightly stretch over time. the rest of the raincoat fit perfect and i wouldn't go up a size because of the shoulder issue. i purchased a light pink tie belt to use with it so i can keep the front closed when it is raining. it looks really cute
I wear a 10/12. i bought a 30/31 and they fit perfect in every way! they were even almost too long so i can wear with heels if i want. i am so glad i bought these. don't let the folded cuff in the picture deceive you. a great pair of straight leg jeans!
I ordered this in xl and the fit on me matches the fit on the model. it's meant to be loose & flowy so i think it's true to size. everything matches the photos--the sleeve length  hem  neckline  etc. it's not a slimming look but doesn't make me look bigger than i am either.  the material is a very soft cotton. the pattern of the lace on the top portion is very pretty. there are sequins mixed with the embroidery on the sleeves. the thread they used for those cutout areas is soft. it's washed well
I so wanted to love this suit! it is so unique and cute  however it does not wear well on a short girl! i am 5"4 and the torso was much too short for me so the cut down the middle looked really wide and odd and the suit just made me look stumpy instead of sexy. also  for how expensive this suit it i also thought the material was pretty thin for how expensive this suit is. i'm sad to say it is going back.
The top fits nice  but after one wear (didn't even washed it) the fabric was all fuzzy. would not recommend it.
This dress is light  airy easy and comfortable to wear. i love the colors and pattern. it looks wonderful with or without a belt. i sized down from a 6 to a 4. i position the front of the dress material closer to the neck so it flows longer at the back. although i am a size 6 the under slip fits perfectly in a size 4. i prefer the dress without a belt but it also looks good with a belt or a jacket or long cardigan.   this dress is a keeper!
Did not work for me. whatsoever. the stripes were adorable but the piece just didn't fit like on the model. the collar was practically choking me and the tie just didn't make my figure look the way it normally does. aka i looked frumpy and chunky  which i'm not. going back.
I adore this blouse  but the cut is a bit weird. the shoulders fit snugly and the body is blousy/boxy. the colors are super cute and the cutouts are unique but i don't think this top is for everyone.
These ran very small compared to other charlie pants i've bought in the past. even sizing up  the stripes were not flattering. the lady in the next dressing room over tried them on  too  and had the same feeling i did. the less curvy you are  the better stripes look. they more curvy you are  the less flattering stripes on pants look. the way the stripes come together at the seams just isn't flattering.
I have 3 pairs of these chinos i love them so much. they come soft like a well-worn favorite but are high quality at a great price. i'm typically a size 4. i bought the 26 size but think i could have gone down to a 25. otherwise very happy with this purchase!
First  i was surprised that this skirt fabric felt similar to men's tie.  it is a thick weight silky feel.  next  i was surprised by the cut.... i wear a 12/14 petite  and the waist of the large is at least a size 10 if not smaller.  finally  the length was really long.  i realize i am 5'2 and buying non-petite sizes  but the cut was high ankle on me. i like the pattern and ruffles of fabric  both are unusual and good for fall/winter.  but i did not like the rest.
At first i was taken by the beautiful lacework and the pictures online showing what appeared to be a loose but shaped silhouette. the pictures must have been staged with pins in the back because  in person  the shirt fits like a circus tent. without exaggeration  there is a surplus of about 16 inches.    the material is still beautiful. and because of that  i haven't decided whether i'll return this shirt or try cutting out some excess fabric to create a cleaner  more fitted shape.
I was so excited to try this dress  but after ready the reviews i though they were all over the place! i descided to order my typical retailer size small. i'm 5'6"   134 lbs  and wear a size 6. well  it was a snug fit! i have a slim build and this was just to snug for my taste. i imagine a medium would have been better. however  i was very surprised by the length and slit... the dress hit at my knee cap with the slit going all the way up to mid thigh... .!?? i've seen pics of this dress on instagr
This sweater is the best sweater to throw on over a buttoned blouse  t-shirts  long sleeves  tanks. i always get comments on how comfortable and adorable this sweater is. a worthwhile buy.
I saw this dress online and really wanted to love it... unfortunately it wasn't at all as expected in person.  as the previous reviewer mentioned it is extremely itchy material  which was already pilling on many of the dresses displayed in the store. the neck was extremely tight; a problem i've never encountered with any retailer dress. additionally it seems to have a kangaroo pocket located right underneath the bust line  which protruded in an unflattering way. the pocket is not at all not
I'm short  only 5ft and this is beautiful and flowy. it's just below my knees and i think it's perfect. i have only worn it twice out and literally everywhere i went i received a compliment  and asking where i got it. it's unique and no one else carries one like this. i know some customers mentioned the price being a bit high but i disagree. i would rather pay for something that i love  that has good design and quality instead of 50 or 60 for a so so product. that's what i love about retailerpolog
Great detailing in how it's made. may look best on someone who's slender. it runs small and will show if you have even slight curves.
I typically take a m or a l in retailer tops/sweaters  so i ordered one of each  as this has been on back-order for forever. the medium was swimming on me - and i have a very athletic frame  with huge traps and biceps. i could have easily taken this in a small and still had plenty of length in the sleeves - and i have very long arms.   ---------  this sweater is thick and heavy. there's no way here in atlanta it can be worn anytime other than spring and the occasional very  very cool summer night.
The color and fabric of this item are so appealing and i think this is a great piece for the right person. the fabric is beautiful but also much thicker than i'd imagined from the photos. it has a quilted quality so doesn't drape very well and is just too much fabric for me around the arms. i typically wear a size 12 and ordered the large. i think a medium might have been better. haven't decided yet whether to exchange for m or just plain return. has an artsy  cool professor vibe that i like.
I like the pattern and material on this top but the bubble hem isn't flattering on my figure. i would recommend this top if you are tiny and petite.
I was so excited for this coat when i saw it in the catalog  but disappointed when it got to stores. the faux fur pictured both here and in the catalog looked much more of a burnt red brown color than the straight up maroon that it actually is in store. i'd say it even looks a bit purple. the nice thing is that it is detachable and you can replace it with something else if you really don't like the color. i have decided to buy it anyways because the fit of the coat is lovely and simply stunning.
The dress is just ok. i cannot imagine having paid full price for this. i got it for florida vacation. i put it on to wear to church first and spilled a drop of lavender oil on it and it stained!!!! cant get it out. thats punk for a dress that even on sale is like.   sending back
I like this! the fabric is soft and a little less orange-looking than in the photo. i'm usually a size 12 or 14 and the size l is very small on me - as in i'd have to lose a little weight for it to look normal on me. also  it's a bit annoying that you have to undo all the little buttons in the bodice to get it on and off when going to the bathroom. but otherwise it looks cute and even has pockets!
I ordered the black & white  00 petite. i'm 5' 2"  96 lbs. and i order petite sizes all the time. the length for the size i ordered is about 23" (on the back  from neckline) which is great for me; however  the length on the sides is way too short. the distance between the armpit on the blouse and the side hem is only 9.25"  so my skin shows on the sides all the time when wearing regular jeans. not at all the way it shows on the model. i would order 00  regular length  but then the sleeves will b
I almost did not buy this dress because of the poly/rayon construction but i saw some sweet styling on instagram that got me hooked. the dress is silky soft and a bit oversized as i purchased the smallest of my size range. looks very swingy and free spirited when worn loose. cinch the string tie or add a wide belt for a defined waist and beautiful full skirt. i have many outfits in mind for this perfect fall dress  i'm excited to start wearing it! my weight has been fluctuating  so right now i'm
I ordered the medium  my usual size for flowing tops. it fits nicely  looks amazing from the front and looks slimming. then i turned to the side and oh my...my boobs protruded like two big balloons. i looked like wonder woman. there was plenty of fabric and it was billowy so it wasn't the size just the cut. i do have 34 g's but what the heck? the color is glorious but it has to go back.
This skirt is not what i was expecting at all. for starters it runs large  i expected it to sit at the natural waist and it is definitely made to do so  but it was a good two inches too big and therefore wouldn't lay flat and gaped at the front. no bueno. my biggest gripe  though  is that the color looks nothing like it does in the picture. they have it paired with an ivory top and the two look like they match so well but do not be fooled  the background color of this skirt is not even close to
I ordered this in a petite small; a petite xs would have fit too. fits just like on the model. i'm 5'2"  currently 33-25-37ish with narrow shoulders and torso. the regular size proportions would have been off on me. lovely pattern on a milky white background.  .  i'm returning it because it feels so scratchy  much more than a linen tee i got from retailer a few years ago and that i love  especially in hot weather. with this one i would also need to wear a cami under it  as even my nude bra showed
I tried this in store and fell in love. i'm usually between a 0 and a 2 in tops and took this in a 0 because of how flow and lose this is. the fabric is light and not bulky so it can also be tucked in.
I bought two  one in white and one in blue print and wore the blue print top once and loved it. then i washed it according to the instructions on the tag (in cold gentle cycle and hung to dry). it shrunk up 4" in the length and 2" in the width and now it doesn't fit at all. also  after one wear  the buttons are coming off (before i even put it in the wash) and it's covered in loose threads. the quality is just not there. i'm going to return both and show the sales lady the difference in size on
The lining is shorter than the top  so i keep pulling it down. also the finishing of the edges looks like a child cut it with some scissors. it is not evenly cut. i do like the color and style of the shirt  just not the quality.
I'd been eyeing this skirt for quite some time so when it went in sale  i took the plunge! i hover between a size 12 and 14  though lately unfortunately it's usually a 14  haha! ;) the 14 fit true to size  perfect silhouette! i will say it was more of a midi length on me than as seen on the model and i'm a near 5' 9" so for more petite girls the length might be tricky. for me  it was fine  i liked the slightly longer length  it made it even more elegant. the quality was superb  no missing thread
So  disappointed that no where in the limiting did it mention this suit is australian in size!! i ordered the 10 (i'm usually an 8 but that was sold out) and the suit arrives and doesn't even fir over my hips. -- the label clearly says 10 australian us 6!  gutted that i have to return this suit because of this sizing issue.  the suit looks to be well made and the design is adorable of it only for.
I finally bought this top after eyeing it in the store for sometime. the design adds a bit of edge to a top that could get matronly very quickly. it goes great with a nice pair of jeans and some pumps - you're ready for a night out! my only critique is that i'm a bit busty (38c) so in the center of the top where the v of the neckline meets the shirt  there is some pulling. it's not completely noticeable  and doesn't make it uncomfortable in the least. love this shirt and so happy i finally indul
Love the style  fabric and fit generally  but even ordering down a size  i could yank them right down. trying going down one more size  but not sure it will work as much as i want it to.
I wanted to love this dress!! i eyed it for months before deciding to purchase  and when i hit submit  i purchased a size down  given the prior reviews. excitedly  i whiled away the moments until it appeared in my mailbox. as soon as this dress was delivered  i ripped it out of its packaging and ooohed and aaahed over the beautiful lace overlay and the halter cut. hurriedly  i pulled the dress over my head  allowing it to drape over my body. and drape it did  but not in a good way; rather  the d
I bought this on sale in all 3 colors. it doesn't look like much in the photos  but that's really the point. this is a staple  basic piece. layer on colors and prints  like a printed jacket  scarf or bag. i bought this in wine  along with the sweater knit boots and a bag with a print that ties the colors together. the shape of this dress is great - fitted through the waist and not a lot of extra fabric in the skirt. midi is usually a bad length for me 5'2" but since the skirt isn't overwhelming 
This shirt runs a little big  i bought it for my niece who usually wears a medium   but the small fit her. she is tall and this was a nice length on her.it's very comfortable and is a a perfect staple to send her off to college with. i paired it with the nouveau belt in silver- as an option for her to wear it with- great buy!  my niece is 5' 11" with an athletic build.
I love love love these pants!!! they actually fit me and look great!!!! buyer beware that the dye used is very delicate. i had a very slight stain on them that most likely only i noticed  but i decided to use a spray and wash stain remover. the resulting removal of the stain came with a very large loss of color anywhere the stain remover touched. unfortunately this has made these pants unwearable. buy  wear and wash these with care!!!
I saw this jacket in a store and wanted it right then and there. i bought a shirt and scarf instead but it was on my mind. when i saw it on sale i grabbed it. the fit is a little boxy but the length was perfect! not too short. the small amount of spandex is so comfortable. it is versatile because the green arms can go with colored jeans well. i am 5'4". i can wear a med or large. i bought the large. it fits perfectly to layer short or long sleeves. not a typical denim jacket. looks great over a
Love this dress! i bought the blue motif. which barely has any blue at all. it is the softest cotton dress i own. i wore it with my red hunter boots today and it made for the best rainy day ensemble. love  love! and i got it on sale which just sweetens the deal :)
I bought these pants in the wine color and i love them! i found them to be true to size. i always wear a 27 in pilcro and these were no exception. i am finding the cropped flare silhouette to be so versatile. they are more ankle length than cropped on me as i am 5'3" but i think i prefer this. these pants can easily be dressed up or down - have worn with a dressy top and heels as well as a denim shirt and ballet flats. super cute!
The title says it all....this fabric of this top is both the best and worst part of the design. the colors are vibrant and the combination of materials (shoulder is a knit  sweater-like navy fabric) is interesting. however  that is where the positive comments end on this one. the top is so scratchy   stiff  and  frankly  uncomfortable. i cannot imagine wanting to wear it. it could benefit from a lining  and that might have solved the problem of scratchy  itchy fabric.  the stiff fabric of the bo
Wish i had snagged both styles of this shirt before they sold out. this is a very cute  work appropriate top - good weight and quality to the shirt. i wear a lot of black and white at work (so sick of gray..why are all business clothes gray?) and this top will be added into my regular rotation.
This shirt runs gigantic and it's not even cute. i.'m done buying retailer online.
Soooooo cute. fit like a dream. look like regular pants. could dress up or dress down. i bought the grey and the slight herringbone pattern was so adorable. going to buy in the black as well. normally wear size 4-6 got the small and fits perfect.
I wasn't sure i would like this top  but wanted something different  than what i already own. i ordered it in an xs (my usual size) and it is slightly loose (which i knew it would be based on the cut). it looks great with jeans or shorts. i purchased the black and white striped one because it looks more interesting. the ties may drive me crazy- we'll see. i like the weight of the fabric  i just hope it doesn't pill. for reference  i am 5'3 and 123lbs. i usually wear a 2/4.
I ordered this in white and it's quite sheer. as others have noted  it is really full and it hits at mid-hip which doesn't work on my figure. if it had been a few inches longer and more of a tunic  or less voluminous  it could have worked but nope.
I purchased this dress in blue and paired it with the seychelles forward platform wedges in cognac. the fit is amazing  the length is great (i'm 5'5" and it hits me a couple inches above the knee)  and it is a great spring staple. my only issue with this dress is that is wrinkles so easily. easily fixed with a quick steam or low iron.
I wanted so badly to love this dress  but i couldn't get past the thin material that you can actually see through. not for this price anyhow. the dress is shorter than i had anticipated  and more fitted around the waistline flaring out at the bottom which i feel isn't accurately portrayed in the photo. on the positive though  the color is beautiful and the neck line stunning  but alas will be returning.
I stumbled across this dress at the store and fell in love. it's so bright and cheery but still sophisticated enough for most events. i love that the tulle that gives the skirt a slight flare and body is completely concealed. the dress is well lined and darling. i am small chested so i didn't have an issue with it feeling revealing nor did the lining hang out. i purchased this for my rehearsal and rehearsal dinner for my summer wedding. i look forward to wearing the dress many times after.
I ordered a medium in this and it definitely fits more like a large. i liked the color & the sleeves  but tying the tie at the neck looks silly on me and leaving it open shows too much cleavage. overall  it is just shapeless and too much fabric on me. i'm sending this one back.
I've worn this twice now and got a ton of compliments on it. it's so comfortable and looks great. the lavender color is gorgeous. highly recommend.
I so wanted this skirt to work  love the design! but  it's way  way too long... i am 5  5  116lb  and the small is 1 inch on the floor. i step on the skirt as i walk.
I was really excited to get these pants but was somewhat disappointed when i received them. the fabric and color are great but i was expecting a more traditional cut after examining the ones shown on the model. i need to size down on boyfriend cut jeans  and i would have initially  but the description doesn't say anything and the model doesn't look like she's wearing a boyfriend cut  so i didn't . now the size i need is unavailable so i am returning these  sigh. i so wanted to keep them.
I ordered this top online. i had been wanting an off-the-shoulder top in a neutral color and when i found this one  i had to have it! i thought the price was great. when i received it  i was impressed with the quality of material. it fit me a little more tightly than some of my other tops  but was very satisfied with how it looked on my body! i got it in a size small. i do agree with others on here  the shoulders were a little more difficult to keep folded down...but overall...i am truly satisfi
Loved the idea of these as soon as i saw them!  great mid weight jean.  a little large in the waist.  the rhinestones sparkle and i received tons of complements when i wore these jeans!  great dressed up or down!
I love every other byron lars dress i've bought and this was a no brainer for me. when it arrived i was really disappointed. the fabric is very stretchy which makes it super forgiving and very thick. with all the buttons planted on this dress i was expecting it to open easily from the front as one of my other dresses by his does. nope. only the back buttons open. thick stretchy fabric and back buttons...not an easy thing to navigate. i was also very sad to see that the length was all wrong for m
Not sure about this yet. reordered larger size because it hits much higher than shown. belly peeked out from under it! ordered 6 and i'm normally a small/6. like the design but really short. 
I love my very old pilcro stet jeans. they are the perfect denim weight  and the back pockets are set in a way that is very flattering for the tush. not so with the newer pilcros unfortunately. the denim is thinner and may have more stretch and they get worn and pill on my inner thighs. and the back pockets are set far apart making my back side look unnaturally wide. it's a bummer.
These pants are so adorable and fit perfectly (long enough even on my 5'10 frame) but i was forced to return because the white color is completely see through  even with nude panties. you can still clearly see them. so disappointed.
Just a heads up - this is a romper - pants and not a dress! you can't tell from the pictures. i ordered thinking it was a dress but it's actually ... culottes? i'm not sure what you would call it. the pull on styling was awkward and the sash was bulky. it definitely goes back!
I got this dress in the mail today and really thought i was going to love it. the color is a beautiful rich red  which was a nice surprise. i was expecting more of a dusty red from the picture. love the fabric - soft and appears to be good quality. the length is perfect - hit right at my knees (size small). the flow of the dress is great as well. the ultimate flaw would be the arm and neck holes. the neck hole was choking me but yet a little loose at the back of the neck - almost like it was on
I need t-shirts  these seem cute. a small runs loose  but it's comfortable and it does fit. i am turned off by the little side slits on all of this brand's printed tees. if i want to do a partial tuck to give myself a waist  because these shirts are cut generously  the little slits just throw the whole look off. i tried a few in the store  but left them all there.
Love the design and style of this dress when i saw it online  however  it falls a little short once in person. it was a bit boxier than i wanted and the lines didn't make it appear as a swing dress  highlighting your figure.  i wish this could have worked  however  it felt a little too unshapely.
This top is the perfect staple! the fabric is soft and comfortable. i generally wear medium tops  but the small fits perfectly. took the chance ordering online and i am very happy!
This is not even a dolman style sweater because it's loose fitting everywhere around the arm. the point of a dolman sweater is that the sleeves are fitted around the wrist/forearm  but this is not the case with this sweater. it's super loose around the wrist area - i can fit both of my wrists into a sleeve.
This sweater was pretty short. beyond that  when i raised my arms  the thickness of the sweater caused the shoulders to rise up and stay there when i put my arms down.
I bought these immediately after trying them on. i was totally surprised to see these very cool  edgy pants at retailer. the color and details are spot on! great quality. i wore them with a blaclk leather high platform boot and black top tucked in. i received a lot of compliments. these look like they should come from europe! i just wish retailer would buy better quality and more interesting things like these pants.
Great basic tank with a bit of a 'flair' at bottom that makes it super cute. will layer with cute bra most likely. the coral color is great  too. very pretty. i also got the white.
I loved the design of these pants  and got them to go with the matching jacket. the problem with them is there isn't enough stretch to keep them up. i found that thru out the day i was pulling them up  as they would slide down. the pant fabric should have had more stretch or they should have put stronger elastic at the waist.
I bought this blouse on sale in a medium because it was the last one left in the store. i usually wear a large  but surprisingly it fit. i'm a woman of color  and the off white and lace looks great with my complexion. i got many compliments on the blouse as i made my way to the register to check out. i can't wait to wear it this spring. i'll have to be careful when wearing this blouse because one good snag with a fingernail  or necklace and the lace will be torn. other than that  i'm very happy
I saw this sweater online and have been looking for a unique sleevless sweater for some time now. its a very beautiful sweater so i ordered it right away when i saw this design. i recieved the sweater in the mail and really wanted to love it but it just wasn't for me. its very well made and thick which i liked but i usually fit in small sized tops for retailer but they didn't have a small left in the sizes  i ordered a medium and it still ran small  i was very surprised. its was also disappointing
I knew i had to have this shirt when i saw it online. the embroidery is almost like english smocking. i was not disappointed when i opened my package. the only flaw i've noticed is that it does "pucker" slightly around the shoulders and chest area due to the tight embroidery not allowing it to stretch. it is not terribly noticeable though. lovely shirt all around.
I tried this on in-store and would have purchased if it have been a better price  it wasn't something i could justify spending $100 bucks on. it's cute and was surprisingly comfortable but again  not worth the asking price. i will buy when it goes on sale.
These pants are beautiful and so comfortable. the liner is a nice surprise. they can be casual or dressed up with a jacket. i'm so pleased to have gotten them on sale!
Note: if you have a large chest  the seams hit in an unflattering spot. nice shirt  just not great for the price.
Tried it on at the local store today  it is very pretty! i believe i runs large. i am usually a small  but they only had an xs and it fit perfectly. it is made of thick linen and has a lining.
I thought this would look great with skirts  but all my skirts are too dressy for this t-shirt. that's really all it is -- a nothing-special t-shirt. and it runs so big! i'm usually a large or xl in tops  but for this one i bought a medium  and it's still too big. i think a small would have been fine. but  as i mentioned  it doesn't go with any of my skirts  so it's not worth looking for a small.
Great fit  easy to dress up or down  lovely shade of blue--this will be my default dress this summer.
I have to agree with people who are saying this dress runs small in the hips. even a size 0 is typically roomy on me when it comes to dresses at retailer  but a size 4 in this would have been best on my hips. the size 2 was just a smidge too tight looking and loose on the upper half of my body  which made my waist look thicker than it is  i thought. my boyfriend disagreed and thought it looked nice  but i still didn't buy because my life would not give me many opportunities to wear this thing anyw
I'm either a medium or large in retailer tops. i was able to wear a medium in this top. the color is vibrant and the material is soft and light. it will be a great spring and summer top. can't wait to wear it.
I thought these were pretty on the website  but in person they look like a work of art! the colors are vivid -- bright reds  pinks  greens  blues  yellow -- with flora  fauna  houses  writing  type and so many other things on a white and cream background. they are very soft  medium-weight flannel. for me they run true to size. i wish they had pockets  though!
I thought that this dress would be perfect for my 60th birthday  however i was disappointed when i received it. it is extremely heavy from the beading and i just did not find it pretty in person. it did nothing for me. also  it runs small and was tight.
I had been eyeing this coat for a few weeks after it appeared in the email  and i finally decided to purchase it to treat myself. i was very excited to get it  as it is a beautiful coat online. however  once i received it i was very disappointed. the material is much thinner than i would expect for something that cost $168  and when i went to button it the button slipped right off the thread it was sewn onto the coat with. i checked the other buttons and all of them were loose as well.     perso
I am on the fence about this dress. the fabric is gorgeous and soft. however  i was hoping the fit was more slouchy like pictures on the model. it was much shorter on me that pictured (for reference i am 5'7) and the turtle neck part of the dress is kind of high and tight. i wanted to love this so much  but it is a touch off from what i was hoping it was going to be.
The blouse is lightweight and is double layered  meaning a light layer over a lower layer. it's not bulky and not super flowy...just enough. i'm 5'1  a bit busty  and generally wear a m in retailer and this blouse fit great. it's figure flattering and not boxy. may be a tad short for taller women.
I was so pleasantly surprised when i received this in the mail  because it's much more substantial than i thought it would be. it's perfect for fall and spring and the lining is very soft. i thought it'd be more difficult to wear but it goes well with everything! i ordered my usual size small and am happy with the fit.
I really liked the design. ordered a medium which was huge. also thought i would not be able to tolerate it because of the material -- a bit itchy. returned it.
I would have liked it but it was too small for me.
The design is very strange. the inner slip is quite form-fitting  but the dress on top was just massive  like a sack. on the sides were tassels that i could not figure out what to do with. they looked weird just hanging off the side  so i tried to knot them like a belt. overall  this dress was not attractive on. it looks much better on the model. the coloring on the snakeskin print dress is also different in real life  harsher red  blue  and white print not the dusty rose and plum pictured.
The picture doesn't do this justice. this top is amazing in person. i purchased my regular size 2. it is very versatile and the colors are perfect as well as cut and material. worth the money
I love these pants. these pants are perfect if you like a slim style  but can't comfortably wear skinnies. i like the heavy weight corduroy fabric and seaming details. i bought the "wine" color  but as pictured  it really is rust or copper colored  which i prefer.
I love how this dress is photographed  but when it arrived to my doorstep i was highly disappointed. there seems to be no shape to it whatsoever. the fabric is much stiffer than i was expected i thought it was going to be more like a sweater dress  but it is not an overly comfortable fabric and it does not move like i thought it would when i put it on. this one is going back.
This sweater works on many levels for petite frames. the length is just right  hitting at the lower waist. the design is very pretty  feminine and with flair.
So disappointed. i love retailer! this was a huge disappointment. i am 5'3" and 120 pounds. when i put it on  all i could think was that i looked just like a clown due to the big cowl neck and how large and round the dress made me look. if i wasn't so disappointed  i might have laughed. this had to have been a design mistake. i've truly never seen something so unflattering.
This  is more of a cover up than something you would wear out .
The back of the shirt has a tag stitched in with red thread that goes through to the outside of the shirt. it is very visible and looks terrible - especially since the back is the focal point of the shirt. do not recommend
Absolutely love this top  it falls perfect in all the right places. i've gotten so many compliments especially from the bow design on the back.
I like flowy tops because i have a bit of a belly and i like to camouflage it but this top was really flowy. the fabric is great and the embroidery is beautiful  i was hoping for this to be a holiday staple this year. it has to go back though  just too large. i don't love it quite enough to order a size down.
I got m in black with white. it's ok. material is soft and nice. classy. plan to return it since color is not flattering  makes me look old.
I saw this on a mannequin in the store and so wanted it to work but was just too oversized and bulky. very good quality and material.
Purchased this in the burnt orange color - very nice!  will be lightweight for our hot  humid summers but has a bit of pizazz with the lace up front.  the slip is nicely made with strap attachments in the shoulders so they do not slip.  i wear a ton of dresses in the summer so this will definitely be a go to item for all the horse races we attend.   looking forward to snagging a nice derby style hat to match!
Tried on the xxs petite and still felt that it looked too boxy and baggy on me. cute concept but poor execution
Cute  swing top that would be flattering on most. i love the print on the white color and it's so soft. doesn't wrinkle easy. but it does run big! i'm usually a s in retailer but i was drowning in it. so  size down!
I wanted to love it  but it's pretty pricey for a sweatshirt & the key hole in the back with the bright pink ribbon just looks odd. the stitching & beaded detail around the bottom hem & the cuffs is gorgeous  but the sleeves were way too long on me and just looked silly. unfortunately this will be going back.
This is a great piece  which has flow  grace  and charm. the blue is a beautiful color! i love it and received numerous complements after wearing it one time.
I wanted so badly for this dress to work on me. the design is amazing. the detail is so pretty and delicate. its my version of the perfect little black dress! however i have very big arms...and while i could have easily sized down for the body of the dress  the arms and chest in my normal size did not fit at all. i'm usually a 14-16 in dresses. i tried the 16 and it just didn't work. the arms were way too tight. however i've seen this dress on many other women with smaller arms than me  and they
This top is not for a curvy figure. the embroidered part is gorgeous  very stunning  but the loose bottom part is awful. i am curvy and usually wear l or xl. this top was fitted at the top but very loose at the bottom  made me feel like i had a big tummy  and was a tad short. i am sending this back. this would look better on a more slender frame.
Love the knit  color  texture--but oddly a short and boxy fit...and so...not flattering.
36dd  10/12 in tops  12/14 in bottoms  this tank is amazing! the flowing a-line shape is very flattering. the armholes are perfect - all too often i see a good tank top ruined by large  gaping armholes. no bra peek-a-boo here! fabric is a stretch micro-rib knit that doesn't cling too tightly  just enough to give the top good definition. i took the size large for the length - just past the hips on me. the side slits keep the look flowy. the light blue contrast color is light grey  while the brigh
The colors are beautiful and the fabric is very soft and comfortable. i will be returning because of issues with length and being low cut.    for reference i am 5'5 145lbs  38-30-40  34ddd. the dress was low cut and showed too much cleavage for my comfort  but this may not be an issue for women with smaller breasts (or if you don't mind some cleavage showing). this length was also a bit too long  so if you are 5'5 or shorter you may want to order the petite size.
The peplum for this time hit me in the middle of my rib cage  not at my natural waist  so it looked very odd when it flared out with the peplum so high up. i am busty so it's possible this would not be the case for everyone but i generally can wear peplum tops with no problem. i was disappointed to return it  the fabric was very nice and the concept behind the shirt was a good one.
Yep. this is snug  so maybe you might consider upping your normal size. but here's the annoying thing for me...the buttons fell off. not kidding. the first i wore this blouse and two buttons came off. when i looked at the other ones i saw that they all needed to be resewn to keep them attached. what a bother. but i'm doing it because the cotton poplin is nice and the little ruffle is a nice touch that i really like . where am i going to find another? so i'll fix it up the way it should have been
Bought this shirt on-line. wanted to love it but just couldn't. i ordered the xs and it was huge and way too unstructured for my style....just didn't have enough shape. had to send it back.
These jeans have been the best pair of jeans i have ever worn. you could practically sleep in them  they are so comfortable  brushed softness  and stretch easily. they hug your body in a flattering way  that these jeans are worth the money spent  as you'll have them for a while.
Wore my new red cardigan for the first time today to work. fit is tts. this is a true red and not neon or orange tinted. it wraps nicely in front and has a nice flair at the hips.. i also like the detail in the knit. i like to push my sleeves up and love the fact that they don't slide down my arms all day. i'll wear this cardigan a lot.
Too much fabric  not a flattering top. for reference i am wearing a medium in the photos and my measurements are 38-30-40.
This dress was not what i had hoped! from the online pictures  i had high hopes  but the fit was really wonky and the material seemed cheap. the arm holes were too big and made the dress seem more like a bathing suit cover up than a classy summer dress. needless to say  it's going back!
I had hopes for this shirt but was disappointed in the fabric...it's very stiff and heavy for a summer blouse. will be returning it.
This is a 3-season item that can function as a cardigan or a jacket and will look equally good with jeans or with work slacks. the seaming gives it a bit of structure. the asymmetrical zipper gives it a little twist. the texture gives it interest. i bought it in navy and i'm considering the ivory.
I wanted this top in a petite xs  but it was sold out so i got the xs. i'm 5'2" with a 34b bust  and while the bottom comes down to my waist like on the model  the sleeves are a bit long...they seem a little long on the model  too. i wore this to work and constantly had to pull my top back as the scoop neck kept drooping down as i moved around throughout the day. really like the tie neck feature though.
I bought the pink one. i like this salmon pink color! not too girly type of pink. the material is super soft and light. i have skinny torso  so it looks really nice on me not showing thin body... the only thing that disappointed me was it shrunk after the first wash... it shrunk one size! when i bought it (size s)  it covered my flat hips  fits just like the picture  but now my hips are showing :( i recommend getting a size up if you are too lazy to wash cold & air dry.
The material is so thin and so itchy..like other reviewers stated..it itches so bad and feels like sandpaper..i thought it would be ok to wear a tank top underneath but sleeves are still itchy. otherwise the design is great and the long peplum hem is very pretty and would look great with skinny pants or leggings and boots
I ordered the coral/peach version in size 16. it ran small  especially compared to other size 14 or 16 maeve blouses i've purchased. very tight throughout the blouse. the product photos looked so nice compared to what arrived. the material was extremely cheap in quality. it wrinkled terribly. the bow pulled the material down which obscured the look of the eyelet. the idea of this was perfect for my style. unfortunately  the poor choice in material & poor fit made this a return for me.
I have never bought the mother brand before  but at close to 200$ i was expecting something fabulous. at size 29 (my usual) i couldn't even get them on my leg. i can't imagine how many sizes i'd need to go up to even get them to fit!
This dress is extremely comfortable and the material is very soft. i was worried it would be too clingy but it hangs nicely. the length is just right  although the pockets hit below my hips. i was a little unsure of the bold pattern but i liked it better in person. i bought it to wear on an upcoming beach vacation but now i plan to pair it with flats and sweaters for the fall.
I loved the fabric and this print but it was just cut a little wrong for me. the gathering on the side made me look a bit wide. but the fabric is beautiful and everything else was nice. i did like the fact that it ties in the back so you can slim down the sillouhette (sp?) if you want to.
How has nobody reviewed these pants yet?! love them! they're more like really nice  structured leggings  but thick enough to be substantial pants. they're stretchy  hold their shape  flattering on my big hips and thighs  and have no distracting elements like belt loops or protruding pockets like some of my other pants  which makes it hard to keep a smooth silhouette under a longer shirt. the only bad--and it wasn't even really that bad--is that these are longer than the 27" advertised. i'm 5'5" 
I thought this dress would be a cute beach cover up so i was excited to order it but i was very disappointed. i am 5'7 and i usually wear a size small top and 4 dress so i ordered a small in this dress but it was huge!! i understand that it is not meant to be form fitting and i wasn't expecting it to be but when i tried this on i felt like i was wearing a potato sack. i feel like an extra small would have been just as bad. i was so upset. it also has thin silver lines through it which  for me  m
Love these  always get compliments. i'm 5'7" bought size small. washed in warm & line dried. they are a bit shorter. lengthen the straps  drops the waist  but at least gets them to my feet
I like the feel and color of this blouse. however  i was very disappointed with the sizing. i usually wear medium so i ordered medium for this blouse  it fits way too big. it is a bummer because the "curve" is not even visible when i wear it.
I have trouble finding pants that are long enough and also narrow enough on my hips. these fit like a glove and never stretch out.
This is a wonderful vest! i love the lining!! keeps you nice and warm! i love the muted green color! the pockets are sewn closed but can be cut open at the stitching without ruining the vest!!
When i tell people i invested in a "horse sweater" i don't get a lot of encouraging comments  but when they see it they understand. so cute  different  and cozy for cold days (winter is long where i live). really works as both a sweater and as a coat.
Cute design with interesting details. i felt it ran a bit large. i'm 5'8"  135 lbs  an 8 was too big and baggy. my biggest complaint with this skirt is the color. it's just not flattering.
I love this sweater. looks great with leggings or high waisted jeans. like most maeve clothing it runs a little large so i would size down. i get several compliments every time i wear this one. super comfortable too!
I really like the dress it is cute and comfortable. the only problem i'm having is finding leggings that match the way i want. dress will be cute with leggings and boots or sandals in the spring. it is very casual.
Love this top!! so comfy and flattering. i ordered the black and the blue and i am itching to get the red/purple one too!
I tried this shirt at my local retailer and absolutely loved it ...until i read dry clean only!!!  really retailer? i know you can do better than that...
Sometimes "swing" styles don't work on me - i'm on the busty side so they often make me look like i'm wearing a tent from a side view. not so this sweater. it's more of an a-line shape than a "swing" style and is very flattering - i would think on all body types. i love that it zips up and has pockets. the plaid is really pretty and the overstitching detail and ribbbed bottom elevate the styling. super soft too - not an itch in sight!!   (don't know why they call this coloration "yellow". it's n
I wanted to love this so much that i ordered in both a mp and sp. both have gone back. i'm petite and curvy - particularly on top. i wear petites 90% of the time. this didn't fit like a petite - it was cut like full size in every way - particularly the arm holes and length. when the mp didn't fit (i always start trying on in the larger size)  i thought - well surely the small will be better. i considered keeping because i would wear it with jackets over it  then decided that was crazy. disappoin
These shorts are divine. the fabric is sturdy and there is a weave of sparkle that i did not perceive from the picture.
I love almost all tops from retailer  however this one was just enormous. it is beautifully designed  but it was so huge when i tried it on that i couldn't believe it was sized 0. i even checked the tag to see if maybe they placed a size 0 tag on an xl shirt. for reference  i am 5'2" and 110lbs. i would have loved this shirt if it hadn't been so big.
I absolutely love this top and it looks absolutely fabulous (the first time you wear it). the details are impeccable and you'll get compliments all day long. i paired it with a jean jacket and my favorite "destroyed" skinnies for an outing in tx wine country. there are a couple of key things to note. when you pull this top on... mind your make-ups. you can and will get make-up on the collar... and so  apply this shirt on carefully... or your make-up (vice-versa). now  after the fist wear  which
The fabric of this vest is identical to a old white dish cloth! the cut of this vest is also bad! will be sent back!
I wanted to love this skirt it was good quality  but the front is a loose flap that is exposing so i had to return it
This dress was my absolute favorite recent retailer purchase. the fit is so flattering. i think this dress runs true to size-i usually wear a size 6 in hd in paris  and that's what size i ordered. i expect i could have fit in a 4 but the 6 is comfortable. i am 5'4'' but i ordered the regular length and it hit just above the knee. i agree that it could use pockets but no need for lining. however-- i just laundered this dress for the first time-hand wash  lay flat to dry (as recommended) and this dr
It's a beautiful top but not for bigger busts. ordered an xl and the top part would not button. i recommend for those with smaller busts.
I really loved this in the catalog. the fabric and details are very pretty. however it's a lot of fabric without much form. my husband suggested it for maternity (not realizing it has fitted slip). not for curvy/ hourglass.  had to send it back.
Wanted to love this dress  bit it wasn't to be. strange fit  and doesn't drape nicely  as in the photo. also  the blue color was much darker in person. wouldn't recommend.
I was very excited to order this top in red xs. so cute  but it was huge  shapeless and support thin! it had to go back. i should've looked at other reviews.
This top was quite voluminous when i purchased it and i sized down to an xs  however after hand washing it once in cold water it has shrunk significantly. it still fits  but something to be aware of.
I am 5'6" and 140b  i'm usually a s and that is the size i bought. i loved the fit of the top and wore it immediately. then i washed it just as the instructions said and the liner shrunk about 3" (just as another reviewer stated) and the sleeves were much tighter and a little shorter. however  i loved the top so much that i took the top back to the store and exchanged. the store was super understanding about it and i was able to order the same size. it's back ordered  but once i get the new top
This coat is absolutely beautiful - an instant stunner. the style is very classy and timeless. it is definitely more of a lightweight coat than true cold weather wear. yes  it does run large  but that is the cozy look of it. it is not meant to be form-fitting. my one gripe is that - especially at the price point - if it's not going to be especially warm  it should at least be otherwise functional. the coat i received has pockets cut on the outside  but they are sewn shut. a coat without pockets?
I'm 5'3 135lbs with hour-glassy figure and the medium was a too tight from the waste down (but perfect on the top - i'm a 36c). pretty dress overall and looks true to color in photo  but have to return.
I was so sad not to love this dress. it is beautiful  but is so unflattering on. there is a lot of material under the arms and it gathers up due to the smocking. so  it just made me look incredibly frumpy. i don't really think a petite would have helped - the gathers just bunch a bit and so rather than hang  the dress sort of clumps. i am lean but broad shouldered and maybe that is the problem  but i was super disappointed. narrow shouldered people with long torsos could pull this off. it is a t
Love trying things outside my usual style  thought this might look like a sack but fell in love! looks effortless  easy to accessorize  dress up or down & comfortable. keeper! want to try it with platform sneaks for casual look.
I had high hopes ordering this top...unfortunately the top has a metallic fiber to the material and that detail was not noted in the product description! it also felt rather cheap & scratchy  poor quality for the price.
I saw this in my local retailer store and thought it was super cute. tried it on and was delighted. the top fits nice and looks crisp and nice - a great nautical look. the brass buttons add a pop to the shirt that is very nice. i usually wear between a medium and large in retailer shirts and the large fit perfectly. i am a 34d for reference and usually a size 12 on top.     i bought the top and didn't notice until i got home that it is dry clean only! yikes. i hate that. this is a casual top to me.
This is a great jacket. my only issue is sleeves are way to long and had to have them shortened. this upped my price by 45.00. oh well  its still what i wanted!
I wore this dress for christmas and agree that it is beautiful (i received many compliments)  while i agree that this sweater dress is beautiful  i'm a little worried about the quality. after just a day of wearing it  it seemed to have lost it's shape. the bottom hem of the dress looked stretched out and it sagged slightly all over. i'm 5'7"  135lbs and my typical size is a m/4 and the dress fit perfectly initially  but not so much by christmas dinner. i'm not giving up on it because i was still
This is really a cute top  nice fabric  the print (the version i bought) is lovely though the colors are different than pictured. the problem for me is that i am 5'8"  36b with a longer torso and the proportions were just wrong on my body. the blouse does not have much shape at all and fell a bit too short for my liking  especially in the front. it hit at hip level  as in photo  but would look so much better if it had been a couple inches longer. looking at the other reviews i see that most of t
Beautiful. got several compliments when wearing it. does not hold up with washes though. threads unraveling everywhere. i am thinking of returning it for this reason. fits true to size. i am 5'4" 118 lbs  xs fit. i am smaller on top.
The material is very nice. not flimsy at all which is nice. the problem was the fit around the arms. i am a petite person with a small chest but it still didn't cover me bra. i'll be returning it.
I love this shirt  i had my eye on it for awhile but wasn't sure what size i'd be  so i went to the store to try. they only had a small which i figured i would be but it was a little large and not as fitted as i would like it across the chest. i got an xs and it was perfect; i am 5'1 about 120 lbs and a small c cup and it fits great. i love it!!
This top is adorable and looked pretty on  but when i raised my arms the top wanted to rise up and then stay there above the breast level. it didn't settle back into place when i lowered my arms. maybe a larger size would have helped  but then it would have been a boxy fit. i also found it hard to take off  even with the button on the back of the neckline. the length is cropped  so you would want to wear it with a high-waisted skirt or pants. i like the details in the fabric a lot  but i didn't
The fit was fine  but the fabric (the beige option) was bland. it washed me out. granted  i'm fair skinned  but it reminded me of sour milk. it's getting returned.
I'm a petite girl  5' and 100lbs. ordered regular size xs since others mentioned this being "short" or "cropped". this sweater is adorable  not itchy in my opinion  and the lenght is just right  not short  not long  however it may be a bit short for tall girls...still think it's worth a try.
I tried this dress on in the store  prepared to buy this lovely piece. i feel that it should have been a few inches longer  it would look more proportionate. next  the tie is really difficult to place  but it creates some great detail to the front and back. it wrinkles easily  i can see it would need to be ironed before each wear. lastly it is not lined  what a bummer  at least the skirt could be lined. but  it does have pockets  that is sweet.
I was on the fence about ordering my normal med  but so glad i did. it fits sooo well. i do think its more suited for warmer days since the material is very thin. its sort of a cropped length and looks great with sandals and heels. i don't like showing off bra detail and will add some kind of closure detail to hide bra or wear a very lightweight top underneath. this was a great buy especially with the sale.
The colors are beautiful on this shirt and it is true to size. it is very comfortable but i wish the flowing part on top was pinned under arms or something. it is attached at the top of the tank top but nowhere else so it just kind of lays over the tank with a poncho look.i also think the top layer would look better if it was longer- it hits at my natural waist and i'm petite. i still plan on keeping it and think it will be cute enough with jeans. just really wanted to love it!
This is the jacket i've been looking for! i love the collar/lapels - they can lay flat or be worn up a bit. the material is really soft so the jacket is comfy and soft. the sleeves are of a ribbed material that makes the jacket even softer and more comfy. i got the black but it's really more of a charcoal black vs. jet black. the color/dye is saturated and dense so there is no sheen to the material ensures that it will be colorfast. when zipped it's form fitting but not tight (tts - i'm 120 lbs 
I'm 4'10 and 105lbs..32c and hippy...i ordered the 00p and 0p.. bc i'm curvy the bigger size was better but the fit was just okay..couldn't justify the price. it's a beautiful dress in the green color. the zipper is difficult to get down and worries me that it would break.. but if it fit i would've overlooked it.. the major reason for returning is the slit was so high my butt cheeks were exposed if you lifted it... i would've had to have it sewn shut.
This shirt is just precious! i cannot wait to pair it with a pair of white skinny jeans and wedges in the spring. i'm so in love with it. the detail is just beautiful.
I'm undecided about this shirt. this design is absolutely beautiful. but the shirt is very very sheer and the front comes down so low in a curved hem line. so  when you wear the necessary base layer  the shirt extends several inches beyond that and it looks kind of odd. i really wish tiny would make some beautiful shirts like this that aren't sheer and have a shorter front. i purchased my regular size and it fits a little smaller than other tiny shirts i have purchased. since the shirt is so bea
I thought this coat was absolutely unique when i first laid my eyes on it  i saw it on a co-worker on thanksgiving 2015  her coat was in navy blue pattern  mine was grey  but looked very good on and let me say the way she wore the coat  it looked oversize on her. my co worker is a very skinny size xs-s woman with very slim slender curve-less figure unlike mine. we are about the same height but i'm a bit taller with curves (6ft  160lb). i normally wear size l 10. i like my outfits lose  but after
I don't normally review my purchases  but i was so amazed at how poorly this dress was made  i couldn't help myself but to post a review. the neck line isn't even hemmed down so it flaps up. the material is thin and feel cheap. this dress isnt even worth $20 in my opinion. i was expecting a well made  good quality dress for the high price tag.
I was so excited to order this dress; however  once it arrived  i realized that the fit doesn't work for me. i carry my weight in my stomach and backside  and the dress clung to my trouble areas.
I have been looking for a cuddly yet nice looking sweater like this one for a long time. i love anther as they always deliver what i am looking for.
I really like this top  it is form fitting and i think true to size that i would normally wear. i do not think the v-neck is too low so that i would feel comfortable wearing this even to work. i was surprised at how thick the fabric was  but i am typically cold so i like this feature. the criss-cross design in the front and back of this garment is very flattering and i get a lot of compliments whenever i wear this piece.
This is a beautiful piece - but not if you need a hardy sweater. the material is lovely as are the two colors i saw. but it is lightweight and delicate. i tried an xxxs petite which is my norm and it fit perfectly. i did not buy it as for the price and relative usefulness  i had to say no. i will watch for sale.
These pants are really beautiful. the material feels nice and i love the pull on style  however  they are much too long for me. i'm 5'3 and they literally hang to my ankles which is not at all flattering like the photos. i think if you are tall enough  these are a wonderful piece.
These run small. i normally wear 28 on ag stevie's and paige jeans so i ordered these in 28 and they were very tight. otherwise very well made and super cute but i had to return them.
I had such high hopes for this  but the fit was really strange. i ordered my usual size small  but it is huge. the sides of the top are very wide and boxy  and the back hangs far from my body  very droopy. even if i got a smaller size  the design/fit is not for me. i like the linen front of the blouse  though it is quite sheer. the fabric on the back has a pretty design  but it appears to be stamped on thin black cloth  rather than the richly-colored fabric i saw in the picture. i am truly disap
I purchased the blue color and it's gorgeous. i'm 5'7" and the length is perfect  not too billowy and not too tight. the fabric is a nice gauzy  summer weight.
I am curvy on bottom. i am 5ft 9 and this is very long. it's ok to wear with jeans or leggings and the longer tunics are stylish these days. however it's long enough to be a dress. i bought a large my usual size. i gave it 4 stars because it is sized bigger then a large.it is 100% cotton so maybe it will shrink a little. i am ok with it though. it is very loose and a relaxed fit. the embroidery on the neckline has pretty little beadwork all over the stitching. very cute detail. i love the patter
I tried on the petite in the store and loved it it's just the color kind of washes me out a bit... nut i did love hte fit and style...
Very happy with the fit  sizing  and look of these shorts.
This shirt is absolutely beautiful! the front is very thin and delicate  but wearing a nude bra underneath  you can't see a thing. i did need to add a snap between the top two buttons to avoid the chest "gap" but the back of the shirt offers enough stretch that it doesn't appear to "pull" at all. it's hard to find a button down that fits nicely when your short waisted and large chested. this one is it!!!!
I wanted to love this dress but the sizing was too large for me  overwhelming my frame. i am very petite; for reference  5'2  24 waist  30  and usually get an xxsp or 00p but even the 00p was too large in both the waist and especially in the shoulder area. at minimum for fit  i would have had to have the dress taken up but required too much alteration. the skirt is not lined which i found disappointing  given the price. the colors and handkerchief like hem is really cute though but i returned.
I purchased these for something other than sweats to wear for a girls get away weekend. they were so comfortable and flattering  friends told me i could wear them out for dinner.    the fabric is beautiful  and i loved the way they draped. the angled cut on the legs is very cute  and something a bit different. these could be perfect for a hot summer evening dinner  because the fabric is very light and breezy. dress it up with a tank top and ballet flats and you're good to go.
I absolutely love the print on this fabric  and the linen blend is perfect for warmer weather. i do wish this top was more fitted overall--it seems like the silhouette is a bit looser than is ideal. however  i'm keeping this and wearing it!  i'm 5'2"  95 lbs  and ordered the 00 petite.
I really like the look of this dress  but i ended up returning it because it was too short. the shoulder area was also too big on me.
I wanted to give this a glowing review but i ended up returning this cardigen. the folds on top added too much to my frame. i do not suggest this for heavier apple shapes. for all others  it is incredibly soft and warm. the tan color was weird but they others are simply gorgeous.
Saw this tunic on line and when it was immediately sold out i thought it had to be a winner. after several days of trolling on line the 2p was finally back in stock. now comes the disappointment. yes  the material is sheer but would be a nice weight for humid summer days. the front looked exactly like the model. cut with high side slits that truly made this a tunic. the back of this tunic is some sort of origami design. the fabric bunches out at the butt area. it's bad when you're standing and i
This sweater is thicker and darker than it appears online. i thought it would be more of a blush color  but it's more dark gray and brown. it wasn't that flattering on me as a cardigan. looked a little cuter all buttoned up  but ultimately i am not keeping because of the color.
I bought these leggings for yoga. i love them. the material is so soft and also seems sweat wicking which is a plus. the back detail on the calf is a nice touch of flair compared to basic leggings. the waistband is wide and did not fold over during practice! for reference  i am 5'4  130 lbs and i purchased a m. fit was great. i normally wear size 27-28 in pants. would recommend.
Soft cotton front  slightly more coarse back. shoulders run slimmer than bottom which flares out. bought on sale as a cute pajama top which will definitely work well. could also imagine with skinny jeans. normally wear a s  ordered an xs.
This jumpsuit is lovely and comfortable  with gorgeous embroidered detailing  but it really needs to come in petite sizes. at 5'4" with a pretty proportional torso to leg ratio  i found the hem length okay but the top portion way too long. for the waistband to be anywhere near my natural waist  the shoulders would have had to be taken up several inches and the armholes shortened.
This bra is just as cute in person as it is in the pic! i can tell it's pretty well made and i love that it has a lot of little details like on the straps and the cute front-closure and lacy racerback. it also fits pretty true to size  which is a must for me because i often get bras that leave my boobs spilling out. however  this bra isn't the comfiest even though it looks like it would be pretty comfy in the picture.the style doesn't look too stiff or anything and the size i got isn't too tight
I agree with a prior reviewer who stated this seems overpriced - it is. it's very lightweight and not quite the quality i would expect for the price (the washing instructions tag was sewn in all crooked - really?). i ordered the black as i was hoping to wear this to a dressy (though not formal) event but i am not sure it works on me. i think it would be a really fun summer dress option in either of the 2 colors (the blue looks really pretty online).    it is very cute but definitely runs large.
This dress isn't as fitted as it looks on the model. it appear to be more of a shift dress. as gorgeous as the print and quality are  it doesn't look great on me. for reference  i'm 5'5 105lbs and bought xs. for whatever reason  the high neckline isn't flattering on me. i do personally think this dress is perfect if you have broad shoulders.
I bought these in my standard 27 (on sale  woop).  they are super comfortable with a bit of stretch for those days when you need a little extra room.  the ankles are easily cuffed and look great with ankle boots.  my only qualm is that they run a bit big and tend to gape in the back.  i love a higher rise jean and these are a great option but i'd lean towards sizing down.
I just adore this top! it is so comfy and stylish. i wear it with a little purple cardigan and feel like an iris in bloom. like other reviewers have mentioned though  the straps are way too long. i had to cut them down and re-sew to make it wearable. before that it just slouched in front and looked sloppy and awful. i tried layering under it  which looked absurd.
I was really disappointed with these pants. they were a thinner fabric than expected with little to no stretch. they were very tight around my legs and huge at the waist. sadly  they will be going back.
I'm usually an xs for most retailer dresses and shirts. i ordered up per other reviews and got a small. the small fits comfortably around my waist. the chest area is not made for large chests. my 34ds were barely contained. sad to say  i won't be keeping the dress. the layers  fabric  and colors are truly pretty but the design/fit is disappointing.
Well...this is "on me" as i saw this hanging in the store  but way off on my size which is xxs petite.    i looked too quickly and got a nice sa to order it for me.    both pieces are transparent - no opaque lining at all is inside. both pieces are made of fragile clingy materials. there is no "flow " just cling. the size is much too big so the resulting look is of two bad pieces hanging oddly without any real shape.    this may be the first time i really just not recommend a piece - at all. bes
But i didn't like the fit. maybe because i ordered petite and the length threw me off  but they weren't flattering in any way. the color and material were unique and pleasing. had to send them back though.
As you can see  there is an array of differing opinions on here  and i share sentiments on both:  _______  pros:  - the texture and feel of this is great; it is very comfortable and is different.  - tts for the most part; i normally can wear sizes 10 and 12 (m and l) with most retailer and got the medium and the fit was overall fine but more snug at the hips. if you're more slim/straight  it'll probably fit you like on the model.   - good length  not too short or too long.  - the mock collar is ni
I have a hard time finding jeans that fit and these ones are just right! i am 5'8  125ish lbs and the 26s fix perfectly; they hug in all the right places and they are the perfect length. i will be wearing them uncuffed. there is no effort required to uncuff them  they're not sewn or anything. they have just the right amount of stretch and love the little cute details throughout them. thank you  retailer  for always helping me find great jeans!
This dress is my first retailer purchase in several years. i saw it in the window and had to try it on! i'm quite small  usually a size 0  2 at most  and 34b at the top. i had to size up to a 4 in this dress for it to zip up and be moderately comfortable.    i love the 50s vibe of the volume at the bottom. the cotton is nice - glad to see retailer go back to offering natural fabrics!    very pretty color  and print.
I had been looking at this dress on-line hoping for a pop-back and when i went into my local store today there were two on the rack and one was my size. i found the colors and print a bit blah (i felt like it could use a little detail for the price...bead detail or embroidery) in real life and i didn't love the fabric  in my opinion it is a bit too stiff and doesn't drape particularly well. things got worse in the dressing room...it was a disaster on me. i'm busty and while the top fit  because
I purchased the green dress in medium. i usually wear a medium. the fabric is pretty. shoulders fit nicely. sleeves were short in an odd length  but that is indeed pictured accurately. the body of the dress is very shapeless  billowy and wide  which made this appear far more like a nightgown than the photo shown. i considered altering the garment  by sewing in the sides from the armpit downward  but i decided to return the dress.
Really cute suit but way too small up top. not enough coverage under arms and across bust.i wish retailerpolgie carried bathing suits in the stores so they can be tried on. this is the 2nd suit i have ordered that had to be returned. i wont order a bathing suit again as its just to much of a risk.
This piece is lovely if you do not plan to use your arms  or if you are a t-rex. if you are not a mannequin or a dinosaur and actually plan to use your arms  this top may not be for you.
I was so excited to get this top in the mail. i loved the colors  print  cut  everything. i put it on and was so disappointed  the top looks so much better on the model. i don't know if i should have gone down a size (i go between an xs and s)  but it looked terrible on me! my husband took one look at me in it and said that's being returned. still disappointed
These are awesome! classic style and quality you'd expect from ag. the mid-rise is nice for moms like me that are not interested in low-rise jeans. tts. i'm 5'8"  135# with a curvy bottom and wear a 29  which is my normal size in ag.
This dress is the perfect combination of bohemian chic. however  the slip below the dress runs a tad bit small. i have a wide rib cage and normally wear between a 04-06. the dress would have been just perfect if the slip was a bit larger.
These paige skinny jeans are lightweight  snug  super soft and extremely flexible allowing for tons of movement. great for dressing up or down and a great addition to any ladies closet.
Love this dress! it is so comfortable and can be worn as casual or dress up.
I am so glad that i got this sweater.it is just perfect!
I am a size  14  and tall.  i was afraid that it would be too short.  the sales clerk grabbed a large   and it fit! it's airy and lightweight and hugs nicely around the back.  the big surprise?  pockets! love it!
I was disappointed when the dress came in the mail. it was much shorter on my than on the model in the picture. (i am 5'5") the detail of the dress and fabric shown in the picture is not as prominent in person which was also disappointing. the dress is just average. i didn't not return the dress...it looks much better on my younger sister (who is the same height) so i gave it to her. i guess it's just not the right dress for me.
This looks nothing like it does on the website. it runs small and the colors are so muddy. it doesn't drape nicely and i a musually an xs and this was short  stiff and plain ugly. sent it back immediately.
For the sale price  this is an amazing deal. i tried the white version of this shirt on in a size 10 because  being on sale  that was all they had available in the store. it was unfortunately too large with the 'v' of the shirt plunging rather low and the sleeves hanging off my shoulders  and i didn't buy it. when i came back a few days later  i found this in a size 6 in black. i honestly don't know my shirt size in numbers  but i'd consider this one a small to medium so i'd say it's fairly true
Loved the print on this dress  however the fit wasn't for me.  i feel like it exaggerated my belly  and just overall i didn't feel great in it.  the sleeves were also really big.
First  i love moth clothing and own many  many of their pieces. this is very cute and i purchased it to go with the jules tank. the other reviewers are spot on with the cute factor and that it runs a little larger than the cropped sweaters. the snails are very cute  buttons run all the way down... caveat: it began to pill after only a having it on a few hours - and i wasn't doing anything to cause extra friction- just sitting and lounging mostly. i noticed pilling on the inside of the arms when
This is one of those dresses that is just "nice" and can be one that you go to in a pinch.... it flows very nicely and you can dress it up and down. it's not the best quality in fabric...but if it was all silk you would have paid 3xs. i like it  it fits well...it's not outstanding or unusual. i think it is a bit pricey for what you get...but  it's a "work horse" dress...it will do you right whenever you need it to!
Sadly  this shirt was too short for me. i'm 5'11" and have had a hard time with some of retailer's shirts lately. but it is absolutely beautiful and the fabric feels expensive and it's well made.
Love  love  love. like another chambray item i have  they feel stuff and rough after washing  but once you put them on  they soften up and look great.
This beautiful  soft  swingy  dress is oversized on me.  usually when someone reviews that a dress runs large but their body type is opposite mine  i pick tts and 90% of the time i'm right.  not so in this case. the outer dress is very wide and the amazing super stretchy under slip is too large also.  debating on sizing down because of potential shrinkage after laundering.  i bought m and my stats are 5'3" 140# 39/28/35.  dress ends just above my knees.      agreeing with the previous reviews th
I bought this in size xl. it ran much shorter & smaller than is typical for this brand. i found the arms tighter on me compared to the model's photos. the lace itself was pretty  intricate and washed well. i wish this shirt had worked but i ended up donating it after wearing it a couple times. the cropped length and close-fit just didn't work on me. i thought the sleeve shape was pretty. with just a little more material  this would have been a favorite. i hope it works well on whoever receives i
For a now feel  that comfy and well made  this was a great choice!
I love love love this top! so flattering and comfortable- looks great with jeans  leggings  or i totally plan to use it as a beach cover-up as well. they only had medium left (i usually get xs/s) but it was still as flattering and i usually like my clothes on the roomy side!
I bought three of these this summer--a mint  ivory  and yellow. when i received them  they looked nice enough in person. i liked the heart motif and the peplum. the problem is the knit was on the cheap side and stretched out. the arms were tighter than i liked but loosened up through the day. but  then the look became more matronly. i wish they had been 3/4 length or a vest. the cheap  outstretched look just didn't work. i ended up donating all of mine after a few wears. they also pilled conside
As a beach cover-up this would be great  but i'm surprised retailer calls this a dress and doesn't show on the model how thin it is. it's pretty sheer and i couldn't get away without layering it.
This is a pretty adorable jumper. the size 8 would fit someone really well who's about a typical size 6 and maybe 5'6". i'm 5'9" and it was too short. it's fun and definitely different. i'd otherwise wear it.
These leggings are loose fitting and the quality is just not there.. i am returning the item.
I received these pants  but they are not as pictured  see the photo of the back pockets  there is a detail there that was not on the pants that i received. i'm not sure about these  the quality is nice  but they are much baggier than shown and i ordered 2 sizes down.
The title says it all...  perfect go-to tank for underneath tops. smooths out lines. purchased in a large  so if you're between sizes  may want to size up.
Beautiful blouse - the material is great. long enough to wear over leggings but i've also worn with my flare jeans. somewhat fitted at the top and then drapes out in a gorgeous way. one of my new favorites.
I am usually a small sometimes medium. purchased a small and want to wear it off the shoulder but it is too tight and the fabric is scratchy. it is a crepe fabric and although beautiful the hand of the material is not for me.  confused if i should return or get a medium as the look is very cool.  i wish this had been linen or some more natural material but still recommend it as a good buy
The dress fits me like a tent and i looked pregnant. maybe this style isn't for me and i even sized down. otherwise the quality was lovely with an embroidered area on the top and the fabric style mixing was great and very trendy. it didn't work for me for the right person this is a very well made dress.
I just love this dress! the color  the quality  the design - all great! sizing can be tricky however. i sized down due to reading the other reviews  and i'm glad i did - it fits perfectly! this dress does not have a zipper on top  so if you have broad shoulders it might be a little harder to squeeze into.
These are some of the cutest jeans i've seen in a while. i ordered my usual size 28 and they were too big. i'm 5'9" and about 140 lbs. i always were a 28! i reordered the 27  though  and they fit perfectly. the only disappointment was they make my butt look flat and emphasize my stomach  which isn't the case in other jeans. i think it's due to the high waist. they fit almost like a pair of pants. oh well  i'm keeping them. i tucked in a striped sailor tee and they looked adorable.
This is the oddest fitting pullover. there is too much fabric around the chest. it is fitted everywhere else but then balloons out in the front. i liked it at first but really started to dislike all the bunchiness (is that a word?). i gave it away..
I've been looking for exactly this. i really love it. it is heavy  but made extremely well and on sale a great price!
I ordered this skirt and i was so excited when i first saw it. the photo doesn't really do the colors justice. the contrast of the bright colors makes this skirt one of a kind. i returned this item however because when i tried it on  the pattern was just at the wrong place and emphasized the thighs for any of us pear-shaped ladies. the side profile of my thighs in this skirt was just horrible.
Nice work dress. flirty style for spring.
Very soft material  length is great  a little more loose than i would have liked.
I wasn't sure how clingy this dress might be or how it would look on my "curvy" body. it's actually really lovely. it runs large but not overwhelming. nice length; above the knee in the front  slightly longer in the back. the colors are really beautiful (i got the darker color). will definitely wear this with a belt  otherwise i think (as other reviewers said) it will be too maternity-looking. i got this at a great sale price!
This is an attractive  fitted vest. the tight belt on the back gives it a new look  great shape. the fabric is good quality. the neck is tight and high. i usually get a small at retailer  but this small is way too tight and there is no way you could put a sweater under which you usually do in weather cool enough for a vest. judging from the photo  i would guess she is an extra small wearing a small or medium. it looks good with taupe or brown pants/jeans
I love how different this dress is in terms of the design. it catches light beautifully. the short  biased hem makes the dress fun and flirty. but  this dress is completely sheer. there is no lining which is very disappointing. i do have a short  nude slip that makes this dress work for me. you will need a slip  for sure! unless you are rhianna. the sizing runs a little large  i probably could size down given the loose cut but overall the proportions are flattering showing off my legs. i will re
The cutout design of this suit looks cute on the model but didn't flatter my shape. i think it would work better on someone very thin. the criss-cross fabric portion was a bit baggy and didn't sit right. even worse  the bust portion made me look flat (and i'm a full c cup).
Tried them on in store. they were actually kind of sexy on. i have an hourglass figure and the way that these fit  felt sort of like a 50's/60's fit  accentuating and flattering my shape.   on my to get list.
This is a nice choice for holiday gatherings. i like that the length grazes the knee so it is conservative enough for office related gatherings. the size small fit me well - i am usually a size 2/4 with a small bust. in my opinion it runs small and those with larger busts will definitely have to size up (but then perhaps the waist will be too big). the problem with this dress is the quality. the fabrics are terrible. the delicate netting type fabric on the top layer of skirt got stuck in the zip
This top doesn't at all fit like it does on the model. the mid section is very wide and boxy and the material is thick and almost sweatshirt-like. i typically wear size small or 4  but perhaps an xs might've fit or looked better. sadly i must return this shirt.
I wanted to give this a try but unfortunately disappointed with the fit and styling. i'm 5'6"  petite build and it consumed my slim figure. i loved the soft and coziness and the color is sweet too. i just felt like an awkward butterfly with the sleeves. pinning them back would have been alright but the execution didn't fit my frame. i would have liked it to be a tad longer too. i really hope they use this same material throughout the fall season because it's so cozy.
Just received these and they fit perfectly  but the panels are different shades of gray. the color is not consistent and it make them look bad. they are perfect otherwise  but sadly they are not wearable. i will be returning
This has a sparkle that you can't see in the pictures. i returned it. the design is cute but not worth the price.
Adorable foxes  i was smitten in the store but the fix is bizarre and the foxes don't come up very high so you're limited in the length you can wear. i bought the m/l based on salesperson advice and i can't imagine trying anything smaller  i usually wear a size s or 4 bottom  these were super snug. back to the store they went.
This body suit is super flattering and super comfortable. i'll probably order it in the other color.
This suit is so adorable! i love the retro style and the two patterns and i really wish it worked for me. the suit is comfy  seems well made and fit nicely. but  although it fit technically  i don't like the way it cuts me off at the thigh. it's not flattering for me at all.     the suit is kind of a neoprene material  so it's thicker than a normal bathing suit  so i think even though it isn't lined  it might not be see-through  but i didn't get it wet to test it out. in terms of fit  i think it
Great with leggings and skinny jeans! it's comfortable too!
This pants are comfortable and classy. they go fantastic with tall booties as it gets colder.
I had high hopes for this top but once again it is just a big boxy too much material top. i get the style but if it adds 10lbs to your middle area its not for me. it is a thin material so it does hang nice.
This skirt is stunning. like the other reviewer  i believe this is probably the most beautiful thing in my closet. the colors are just striking. it is also flattering - i find some skirts can kind of pouf out around the hips and add bulk  this one lays nice and flat and looks great. the material is very soft and simple and i love the frayed edges at the bottom. i am just between 5"3" and 5'4" and weigh 112 lbs; i took an xs and it fits perfectly  so it seems true to size. only thing  if you are
The style of this dress is quite lovely  i immediately gravitated towards it when i saw in the store  however once i tried it on it looked like a sack of potatoes...unfortunately the loose silhouette did not do anything for my figure  i should mention that i am 5'9" and have an athletic figure but with hips.   the design is very on trend and the dress does have some lovely details like the lace around the hip area and flowy fabric. but unfortunately it was not enough for me to purchase. also the
I ordered the white tee in xs and am returning it. it runs tts & had a good fit but i didn't like the material at all. maybe because it was white  but it was see through & like a tissue tee that i would expect to get little holes in it near the waist. the sleeves are gathered in the center of the sleeve & i didn't like the way that looked.
I agree with the other reviewer who said there was too much hardware and such. this really does have a lot going on. i usually wear a 4 in skirts  and based on reviews  went up one size. it still saw way up near my chest - i think even an 8 would be too small! it's sooooo tiny at the waist. probably buy 2 sizes  2 and 3 sizes up from your own. also  the skirt flares super wide at the sides  it doesn't sit the way in the photo or maybe the model is holding it down with her hand. it's like a skirt
A great sweater to throw over just about anything. i love it  but the only reason i couldn't give it 5 stars is because you must be very carful with it  as it can snag on anything. the fabric is similar to intertwined ribbons. the first time i put it on i got a snag right away  but it was easily pulled trough to the inside. now i am just super cautious. i do love it though. very comfortable and super casual. not heavy at all  but just enough to be happy to have to throw on when the cool spring/s
Absolutely love this top! yes it runs big and is flowy but i think it is very flattering  especially with skinny jeans. loved it so much i bought the navy and wine colors for myself and the green for my mom. for reference i'm 5'7" 115 lbs (33-25-33) and the xs fit well (falls just above my mid thigh).
I love these pants. a dry cleaner lost my favorite black pair ten years ago. i have not used them since. if you wait long enough  everything comes back in style. i bought black and rust. these pants are comfortable  the perfect length  can dress up or down and are very  very cute.
This dress looked super cute in the picture and on the model. i ordered the petite style and it was still so big and way too loose. no shape whatsoever! i unfortunately had to return it. i love loose dresses but this one was way too big  loose and had no shape at all.
Love this top. very flattering on an hour glass figure because even though it has a more of an empire waist it is not so volumous as to overwhelm the figure --as so many retailer tops are these days. one caution: i had to go up a size to accommodate my bust.  normally a size 6 or small in retailer tops but a 34dd  so went up to a size 8.  the top is more snug around the bustline so just be warned if you are well endowed.    the fabric is sheer but not overly so  embroidery is well done. over all a b
I wanted to love this dress - it is gorgeous on the model  but unfortunately for me  it didn't fit right. i'm petite and ordered the xxs petite. it was snug in the upper body and looked like i was wearing a baby-doll dress. the material is high quality and i love the burnt red color. it just didn't fit right. definitely looks great on the model  but hung funny on me. i can see why it was highly rated  gorgeous dress - just not on me.
This dress has a beautiful shape. it was a onesie in a store (only one they had) and i'm glad i tried it on. usually i'm a 6 or 4. this is an 8  and it's a perfect fit. definitely size up at least one dress size. the knit shoulders are beautiful and the belt is slimming. i love the writing on it. it's a classic dress and it makes me feel beautiful and unique.
A classy t-shirt - can go from work to casual.  the gray and mauve were both drab in color and hard to pair with neutral dress pants.  i chose the white. it definitely runs large  so size down (i.e. wear m/l  chose s).  the fabric is linen  very itch  so tank is probably needed underneath.  flattering fit for curvy figure.
Cute embroidered mixed textiled shirt. super comfy maybe runs a little small across chest but has a nice stretch so it accommodates well. a great transition piece.
Pretty shirt on the hanger  but there's a goof in the design. when i tried it on my 3d self  there became this weird ruffle right beside/below the bust that you can barely see in the right of the photo  now that i know it's there. the tulip nature of the shirt is pretty in concept  but where the top layer starts makes the fabric stick out right by your bust and it's not flattering  and i'm just a 34 b.
This top is pretty and i did not find it sheer at all but i am returning it due to the lace sleeves are tight. but  i do have large arms! other than the sleeves i would keep it!
I bought this online days before my trip to seattle. i read the reviews so was aware it runs large...and it does. i practically lived in it the whole time i was there. it's very comfortable and once it cools down here in so cal i'll be back in it. some reviewers mentioned it bunched up when tied but didn't like the ties hanging loose. i just looped each one and it works great.   it really runs large. i bought their smallest size and had ample room.
I don't think the sweater looks like the one pictured. it's pretty and i love off the shoulder sweaters  but i have to say it's a little scratchy and its a lighter grey than what shows on my computer screen. if i hadn't gotten it on sale and with an additional birthday discount i would send it back. it also runs big. i got an xs/s and it fits perfectly. im 5'6" and weigh 140. i usually wear a medium in most things and am a size 8. i like it a lot  but i don't love it. it also reeked of patchouli
Was excited to wear the dress for the first time. but while standing in front of the mirror putting makeup on  the seam between the body and sleeve just started to unravel. strangest thing - just a random hole appeared :(.
I ordered a small. i'm usually a petite small. i like my tees not fitted. i will exchange it for an xs. soft. it has like the look of a seam down the middle of the back. i barely noticed it. i think it makes a plain tee shirt a little unique. good quality. 100 percent cotton. it's a white tee. soft.
Lovey top in the photos. however  its fairly large and the chest area can make you look even larger. i'm 5'3  118lbs  36c. generally wear xs or 2s in retailer tops. ordered the xs but it was just too large and unflattering. the lace work is so pretty. it has potential but the design doesn't work well for some.
I am 5'6" and run between a size 9-10 pant. i ordered the size 10 skirt and the waist fit perfectly and so did the back of the skirt  which i was afraid might be loose (i don't really have a butt but it fits nicely). looks like the picture so the skirt goes straight down  it does not taper to smaller width like some regular pencil skirts might so the bottom part will not be fitted  for your reference. the denim actually has quite a lot of stretch so it's very comfortable as well as the waistband
This dress looked gorgeous  light and lacy in the picture  but when it arrived  the "lace" that appeared gold and black in the photo was more a solid brown pattern against the black which was not attractive. the inner sheath was made of a heavy  sequined material. it was uncomfortable  scratchy and felt like i was searing chain mail. it also added bulk to the dress  so that i looked ten pounds heavier. i can't imagine why they would design this delicate dress with such a heavy inner slip. the si
Like the color and romper style. this runs extremely large. i am normally a petite small and it was too large. with the wide- leg style and overall length you may need to alter this piece.
This is what i'd been looking for without even knowing it! it's long without being too long  and most importantly - its soft  not scratchy the way so many winter clothes can be. i wasn't sure if i should order the small or the medium so i went with the medium  and it fits great. the weave is just slightly wide  but not to the point where you have to wear a cami or tee underneath  but the fit is loose enough that you can  if you want to for added warmth. i really like it.
Was hopeful this might work on my petite pear shape (i am 5'  probably 135-140lb; one to two sizes larger on the bottom) when i first saw online so went to store to give the regular size a trial run before ordering the petite size online. you can never tell with these flare dresses - some just make the hips look so much worse and haven't had a lot of luck with casual retailer flare dresses this season. first tried on the medium and fell in love instantly - was looking a little big but thought orde
I found this to be a very feminine and flattering dress. it is prettier in person. i have the ivory and black print. i agree that it takes a bit of effort to get the slip positioned properly. i might wear a different slip  however i was able to get the slip to stay in place. the print and fabric are a nice quality. i typically wear an xxsp or a 0p. i bought this in the 0 regular because i like my dresses a little bit longer. i think it runs just a little bit small.
This top did not look at all like it did on the model. i thought it would be slightly loose through the hips but instead it was snug on top and very very very loose. great for someone who is pregnant. which i am not.  returning.
I was hoping to wear this dress on my wedding day before the ceremony. i'm 5'5"  130 pounds  usually wear a 6. i ordered this dress in medium and it hangs off of me. it is not straight as it looks on the model  but bells out from the waist. the sleeves are so long that they covered my fingers.
I got this top to wear with shorts as the color goes with a lot of different prints. the quality is excellent. this top runs very large  as in three (3) sizes too large. for the record i am a 34.25.35 and ordered my regular size the xs and this top makes me like i'm pregnant with twins. also  the layering looks nothing like it does on the model  it looks sloppy  unkept and a general. i think this would still be great for ladies who are bigger in the chest and waist  otherwise it just doesn't wor
I'm 5'3 and ordered the small. as soon as i saw it in person  i knew it was an item to return. the material is too transparent  and designed to wear with undergarments or swim gear that you want people to see. it was way too long for me. i think it would work for a taller person. i just didn't feel it was worth the money for the quality and transparency.
I was so excited about this skirt and pairing it with a cute blouse for the warmer weather. as i took out the skirt out of the package and flipped it around  the back has mesh strips that are see through! there is also no lining to go with this skirt. if you go back to the "back view" picture on the website and zoom in closely  you can see the model's black underwear.
I'm 5'4"  130 lbs  curvy and fit. i'm usually a size 6 but when i tried these shorts on  they were tight. i sized up to an 8 and they looked better. but overall the fit was not flattering on a petite  curvy frame. i think these shorts would work on someone taller and a bit thinner in the thigh area.
The blouse is as shown in the picture. it falls nicely and is flattering to wear. the detail on the yoke and hemline is of good quality. i've received a lot of compliments on this top.
Wish i would have read the reviews before i purchased and wore two of these. washed as directed and same outcome as everyone else. basically unwearable unless i maybe use it for a nightshirt. the shrinkage lengthwise was ridiculous. glad i didn't buy every color like i had planned to do!
These are huuuuge! i'm 5'8" 117lbs. i ordered the small  but unfortunately they were way to big. i might have tried the xs  however didn't care for the pattern as much as the picture. i think these would work better on taller fuller figure girls.
Simple  classic  figure flattering  and reasonably priced!
I ordered these on sale despite a previous reviewer's comment that they were unflattering on the back side. they really do hug your bum  but that is not what bothers me. what bothers me is that the back side is totally see through  so unless you plan on wearing them with a long top  they are not wearable in public or around other people. i have gotten some of my favorite pieces from retailer  but also some of the most poorly designed. unfortunately  these fall in the latter category.
I have been dying to try a mara hoffman bathing suit  so i went for this one. unfortunately  the design of the bathing suit is not like what they sent me. the middle where the tops meets the bottom  is squared off  not like that v that it looks like in this photo. it also makes for major side boob/sagging on each side. i was very disappointed.
So soft  warm  and comfy! the colors are absolutely beautiful and represented accurately in the photo. i went with a small based on other reviews  and while it fits  it is slightly big. i probably could have sized down for a more tailored look but i like the extra room and think it still drapes well without looking bulky. for reference i'm 5'7" 115 lbs (33-25-33) and mostly wear an xs/2 in tops. it does shed which is not a big deal to me but might be a deal breaker for others so i thought i woul
The quality is good  as is the design idea  but  practically  it doesn't work. ordered an xs and the top still ballooned out stiffly. this top is not soft or flowy  it is stiff and very wide.
Love the lightweight fabric! looks great with skinny jeans. it is flowy  but flattering.  wearing it on my shoulders for work -
Finally a pretty maeve shirt that actually fit my (apparently) giant hulk arms.. but it's so flowy/swingy i had to return it. this might just be a problem with being a larger lady  but the excess fabric made me feel like i was wearing a tent and made me look 10x bigger than i was around my waist/hips  even when balanced out with leggings. i thought about trying to size down but wasn't sure if that would even solve the excess fabric problem and still leave room in the arms. of course i can't try
I purchased this early in summer and have worn it a lot. you can dress it up or down  and since it's comfortable you will want to wear it a lot. i can wear it for everything from walking the dog to going out to dinner.. i bought 2 jumpsuits this summer and this is by far my favorite. the fit is flattering  fitted but not tight and the self-tie belt gives your waist definition so the overall look is hourglass. i am tall and i normally take an xs or s. i went with the s to ensure that it was long
This top is very flattering and the silver line details give it a great pop of color!
I ordered the purple in size xl. the fit on me matches the model so i think it's true to size. i wouldn't say there's much purple to this print. i can't really find any. the areas where the blue/red overlap just look navy. the photos show how it really looks. it's a great mix of light brown  peach  white  red and different shades of blue. there will be variations because of pattern placement. i love this style--it's very comfortable.
I love this piece because of its flattering stripes.i am 5' 9''  150 lbs and ordered a medium. the large was just too big  the small too short and tight  but the medium fit well. however  the sleeves are a little large which was a disappointment  and because of this there's an awkward excess of fabric on the front next to the armpits. i also experienced that the shirt is not long enough to tuck in  how the model has done.
This top is a cross between a shirt and sweater. great length and very soft. it does run a little large so size down if you are n the fence. hangs nicely in the back.
The idea of this shirt is awesome! it just needs to be made longer and not so boxy. the ruffle is darling! i would be so happy if the the designer made some modifications. i think a lot of people would buy it then.
This is a cute dress  but not for me. 1. i think it runs very small  2. it is super textured so if you don't want to add bulk (aka pounds) to your frame  this probably isn't for you. it's too bad it's online only because i would have benefitted from trying this on first. i'm sure it's probably adorable on smaller  thinner people. unfortunately  mine is going back.
I absolutely loved this dress when i first saw it. the fit was not quite what i expected. i usually sport a 0 or 2  but this dress wouldn't zip up all the way in a 2  so i return/exchanged it for a 4.
I disagree with the other reviewer - i thought the fabric of this skirt was high quality  and while it wasn't lined i don't think lining is typical in a sweater material. i also really liked the patter and the swingy bell shape. i usually wear a 6 or 8  but my store only had a 4 available. it fit  but was a little tight in the hips. the skirt was also longer on me then on the model  but i'm on the short side.
My review of the pros : 1) quality made  not see through in any way  can wear with small bra straps 2) lace gives the top a 'different look"  really liked it. my review of the cons  which made me return the top 1) runs huge!!! i am 5'2"  36 small c  broad shoulders and my usual size medium looked like an xl. it was large in the bust area and almost 'puckered' at the armpits? i would probably order 2 sizes down to an xs  which i never wear in any size top. 2) for petite gals (i am 5'2")  this a a
I fell in love with the color and peplum design of this top online  and decided to order it. the fabric is soft  but strong  and the color is just as pictured. perfect for a casual shopping day or lunch date out with friends.
It's a little roomy  but this shirt is spectacular.  i've gotten so many compliments on this one  whether worn with jeans  work pants  or shorts.  all-weather.  as other reviewers have said  the material is sort of sleek-feeling - not traditional cotton.  for me  i love that  as i've been able to wash stains out of this shirt more easily than i otherwise would.  i am normally a tiny  tiny petite  but i ended up buying this in the xs regular because the style worked even though it's a bit loose.
These are long  easily wear with skinny jeans  they do not cling and are not see through! the colors are great!
Ok  if i had a different body  this would be awesome but i have a big butt and meaty thighs so just did not flatter me. although my husband couldn't tell that the pants were tugging on me (thanks to the pattern it does camouflage)  it was uncomfortable. so if you are built like me  this isn't the jumpsuit for you.     this is a well made garment but there is no give in the butt and thigh area (hence would not recommend for my thick thighed sisters).     for reference  i am 5'3 and 150 pounds. th
I got this sweater with high hopes to wear it with some leggings for christmas. it looked adorable (and long!) on the model. however  it doesn't even cover my butt  that's how short it is. if you're anything over 5'4"  i'd say it'll be too short for leggings.
Thank you retailer! these really are the perfect black pants. great fit and construction. the material doesn't wrinkle  they slim and shape the body and they are at a good price point. i did have to go up one size but i especially love the elastic in the waistband. my local store almost sold out of these in a day.
I love everything from retailer but this top did not fit all that flattering. the neck line fits a little weird. too bad. color was nice though. i returned the top.
Unfortunately  this dress did not work for me like the other reviews. i am 5'8  130lbs  and the dress looked like a tent on me (size s). there was just way too much material at the bottom. also  while the dress is lined  both layers are quite thin- not see through  but i would not call them substantial either. for the cost of the dress and the material  it wasn't worth paying more to have it tailored to fit better.
The sweater material was fragile. there were already two picks in the fabric when it arrived. i felt like it would not wear or wash well. i was also disappointed in the shaping or how it hung on my body. i am returning the sweater.
Loved this top when i first saw it online and when it arrived it didn't disappoint at all. dress it up or down.
This is not a kimono. it's a cocoon. there's a huge difference.  it's also not made very well.
This dress is gorgeous in person. it is so much softer than it appears the photo and the fabric moves well. what you can't see from the picture is that the bodice sort of overhangs the skirt by an inch or so which is really nice for accentuating a small waist and separates the top from the bottom in a cool way.     i am 5'6" 135 lbs and curvy. 36-26-39 for reference. i ordered the 4 and it is loose although still flattering thanks to the forgiving cut. wish i had gotten a 2 but now they are sold
Perfect! very pretty and flattering without being too fussy. helps to hide my tummy and very well made. that said i have fairly wide shoulders and a larger ribcage so i had to size up considerably. usually a 4 or a 6 and i needed a 10 to be comfortable. the 8 went on but the fabric has no give so i sized up. i am never a 10 but that's what worked in this blouse. surprisingly it still looked nice and tailored. definately runs on the smaller side.    lovely. worth the full price in my opinion.
Perfect for dressing up or dressing down with a pair of jeans. this pullover can be worn during all four seasons of michigans weather  which is a bonus for me. it can also be paired with heels  booties or flats making it extremely versatile.
I was so excited to try these but was really disappointed in the fit. i found the legs and butt to be tight but the waist to be really big. if you are normally a size 24  i wouldn't bother with these.
I just got this in the mail and was so excited to try this cute top.....but it's completely see-through! unlike the photo shows  the lining is not included. quite a disappointment top is well made though no give in the fabric.
Every single time i was in a store  this dress caught my eye. there was never a large or xl to try on; however  so when a free shipping offer came up  i took a chance and ordered both. the xl was too large; the large was much better  but a little snug  so if it shrunk  i would have been out of luck. if i would have kept one  it would have been the large; however  they are both going back. a plaid dress sounds like a good idea for the winter when you look at it on the hanger  but on a body  it is
Size 0 ordered .they fit beautifully for the first 2 hours but slowly stretched out and lost their shape sadly.
I wanted to love this dress. i ordered online and what you cannot see in the picture if the pleating on the dress. i ordered a medium  i am usually a large in retailer and the medium looked like a tent. i realize this should be loose fitting but it was huge.
This top is too boxy and has too much going on. it should have no buttons or different ones.
Love these chinos! they are so soft  have the right amount of stretch for a curvy figure  and the colors are great. i have purchased the khaki and blue so far. the blue color has the perfect washed/faded look. i love that they have petite sizes available. i will be stocking up on the other colors.
I agree with all of the reviews. the design and fit are wonderful if you can get it on.! the buttons are a nightmare! whoever made these clesrly sewed the loopholes on the buttons closed with no thought as how to open them or get them off. ridiculous! they need to put a side zipper on this as i will probably check into since i really want to keep it. so so so disappointing
This sweater poncho is a nice versatile piece to wear in the fall. wear a blouse or tee under for extra warmth for the maine winters. love the side buttons and the uniqueness of this poncho. true to size  great color. lot's of compliments.
Wonderful colors and fit tts. love the style. can were on or off the shoulders . love it!!!
This top fit perfectly but too much of my bra was showing through the black lace. it would be a great top to use as loungewear  though.
Denim  faux fur  flannel... hooray! i absolutely love this jacket and i'll wear it all winter (even under my warmer winter coat). i'm 5'6"/130 and usually a 2-4 in retailer and the small in this coat was plenty big in the waist/chest and even had room underneath to add a second shirt or light sweater. it seems a little shorter on me than in the photo... maybe that's the only drawback.
The color is a very dark mustard yellow  thin/light-weight material  and it has a pretty feminine drape. 0verall a nice twist on a classic plaid shirt. cute cuffs (complementary design). the top was baggier than the bottom though- i deducted a star for the tight fight on the hips. all photos show it unbuttoned or tucked in. i'm usually between a s/m  i recommend the size up for hip fit.
Just tried this on in store. the color in the photo is wayyyyy off. it's a hunter green and dark navy zigzag. for maeve it runs large. i am usually a medium or a 10 and a s worked best. i'm a 36d and there was no pull at the bust. will pick up when on sale (bc a hundo for rayon is laughable).
This is one of those pieces of clothing that is destined to become a wardrobe staple. the fabric is soft and generous. . the chiffon trim gives it swing and style. i just ordered another one because i know it is going to be a long time favorite..
This pants the worst short that i ever had!!  i bought ;this short last week and i laundry it yesterday and it came out lost color!!  i was really shock definetly will return it to store.  fyi  i never use chrolox or bleach when i laundry.
Fit great with moving room. colors very vibrant. just right for a house with lots of cool air conditioning!
I love boiled wool and have gotten a few items from retailer in years past that i have loved. this one was a fail. i typically wear a small and it was slightly too big and shapeless for me. i am 34c  127#. the moment i put it on  it felt like i was wearing a bathrobe. it flares quite a bit  and the stitching is brown and not dark grey like i was hoping. the quality is as expected. the color overall is as it looks online. but it was a return.
I love the concept of an airy  flowing sweater that has great detail. this item stole my heart online. however  i am fairly petite (5'3'') and it looked like it was drowning me. the neck line is decently wide and my small frame couldn't hold it up; it kept falling off my shoulders. i ended up returning. i think it would look and feel fantastic though if i were taller and had broad shoulders.
This dress is great if you're very skinny and have no chest. otherwise  it makes you look dowdy. the colors are also quite washed out and do nothing for my complexion.    this one is going back.
I wanted to like this top so badly because it has so many interesting pieces to the blouse. ultimately i didn't keep this because of the bell sleeves  and the pattern going across the body just wasn't flattering on my full figure. i went down a size to help reduce the amount of fabric draping in the back  but it didn't make up for the pattern that i just didn't like. if you are interested in this blouse  i recommend it because it might work out for someone with a different figure than mine
The problem with off the shoulder tops is that the neckline is totally elastisized   therefore upon any movement of your arms the top pops above your shoulders making it go from stylish to matronly . the only elastic should be right at the shoulders   the rest of the neckline should be a simple finished hem. .
This sweater jacket is beautiful!  i wasn't going to try it on because i am very sensitive to fabrics that are itchy  but i am so glad i did.  it's super soft and looks great with jeans and a t-shirt.  i have a petite frame  and it doesn't look boxy at all like some swing styles tend to do.  totally recommend this one!
I so wanted to love the striped peplum top  however i have a petite frame with a large chest and there was absolutely no support in the top. not flattering in the least for a d-dd cup. will be returning. i imagine this would be perfect for someone with a frame like mary kate or ashley olsen :)
This is such a cute top. i bought it when it was a new arrival and couldn't be more thrilled. it washes well in the the washing machine. the only flaw is that it runs on the short side. otherwise  i'm thrilled.
I thought this shirt was really interesting online and it doesn't disappoint in person. i love the uniqueness of the shirt but wish the quality of the white fabric was a little higher. overall though this was a great find and i know i'll wear it again and again.
Loved the print/pattern and the light grey.....i think it might have been better if reversed (it has a v in the back  and the front neckline was very intrusive and scratchy to me). i'm normally a small but got this in a medium and it was very short on me. wish it could have worked but returning it.
I bought this tee for a light summer top as i love linen. this top does not disappoint. i bought my usual size xs and the length is good-slightly longer in back. i purchased the black and the grey. the grey will be great with jeans in any color and the black i can wear either dressed up or down. the quality seems good. great purchase!
This spandex top  in my opinion  is workout wear. it is not the tank i expected to receive  but my bad. it is super stretchy tank like most folks use with leggings or workout shorts. it does seem small but perhaps due to the kind of tank it is  it should fit like this. 5' 5" 142 lbs medium is skin tight. color is nice but  as i wanted a tank to wear with skirts or jeans and this is not what i had envisioned-it has to go back to retailer. quality seems fair.
Once i saw this trench coat i thought it was so cute! i'm usually a small in retailer tops but can be a little broad so i decided to go with the medium (based on other reviews). when i received the coat  it was a little tight in the shoulders but still doable. i was surprised how thin it was (just a single sheet of cloth) and how full the skirt bottom was (however  there is a cute light blue seem lining inside). overall this trench coat is not really a warm coat  but more of a fun piece to dress u
When i saw this item online  i ordered it right away. loved the color and the oversized  comfy look to it. the pros: very soft the color a deep cranberry as pictured. the cons; the low back - in the photo  the model's arms cover it up. when i put it on  it looked like an oversized flap that stuck out on the sides and was very visible from the front -- and because the material is unstructured  that made it look worse. i loved it except for this one feature  but because it was so detracting  i had
This dress is easy to dress up or down  and is very comfortable.
These pants fit well  are cute  and are comfortable. they are a nice alternative to jeans.
I'd been eyeing this dress since it first appeared online  but when i went to order  there was no petite sizing. then when shopping  i noticed the carbon color in the petite section of my local retailer. i grabbed my usual ps  and although it was okay  i decided to try the xs for comparison. the slightly closer fit made all the difference  suggesting that i had a figure underneath  but not tight anywhere. nice weight to the fabric  it drapes beautifully and the lacing detail is very popular now. a
I had been looking for a jacket like this for months  but haven't found the right style  until i saw this one! luckily it was on sale. i am 5'10  weigh ca. 143lb's and i usually wear a size small in all retailer tops. tried on medium  but it was too big in the bust area.  then i tried on the small and it fits great! the sleeves are long enough too  but it is hard to move my arms up to reach something  so i just have to avoid that. :) i have gotten a lot of compliments for it.
This is the softest jacket! i could sleep in this fabric. the ruched details and fun collar make it unique. plus it has inside pockets! one of the best finds in a while.
I bought this shirt along with a matching vest and duster........love it!
This tank caught my eye in the store yesterday. i was taken by the design contrast of the front and back. the colors are beautiful and rich. i see this as the perfect tank to transition into the fall season. the top does run a little big. i sized down to a medium. i am just under 5'5 and am a 36g.
This top is the best summer top ever. looks great  washes great  packs great. i get compliments whenever i wear it. fit is true to size. goes with everything.
For sizing  i normally wear either xs or s in tops (i'm 5'7"  130lbs  34a). i tried on both  and both fit  but the arm holes were a little too tight on the xs. i ended up picking the s because it felt most comfortable. when i tried on the ivory color  i could see my blue bra underneath  and it would require a cami. the black didn't. i love the embroidered design and ruffled neck. i agree the buttons on the back of the neck are a tad difficult to button  but it's not a deterrent.
When i put this skirt on my aunt said that looks like a skirt with class. she's right. this skirt feels as wonderful on as it looks. i love the faux leather slash  it is the perfect detail without detracting from a printed top. i think it is great to just slip on no zipper (for those days).i even pulled this on over a dress. bailey 44 hits it out of the park again. i have 3 dresses and now a skirt. t.e colors on the website are brighter than they are in person  just fyi.
This is a very feminine and pretty top  but it runs really small. after reading the reviews  i ordered a size larger; however  i think i should have ordered 2-3 sizes larger.
I loved the fit and vibrant color of this dress. it's loose and flows but doesn't look like a potato sack. i wore it once and got a ton of compliments. that said  i hand washed it  as the tag states  then let it line dry  and it shrunk to half its size! i re-checked the tag and noticed that under the hand wash instructions it then states "dry clean recommended." boo. so disappointed that i spend over $100 for a dress i wore once.
I loved the color and design until i tried it on in the store. i am 5'5" with a slender build. i tried my usual xs but couldn't manage to put this shirt on me without risking smear my makeup or scratch my face by the elastic band at the neckline. the band is so small even fully stretched out. i have a normal sized head just in case you wonder... i gave up after wrestling with it. i can only imagine how uncomfortable to wear something with a tight elastic band choking me...funny... but not funny.
Unless you have the body of the model - tall and very thin and wear a really small size - don't even think about getting this dress! it's literally a heavy sack. it hit right above my knee in the front and basically mid-calf in the back. the material is nice but it's an awful shape!
This is a gorgeous high quality blouse. the color is stunning in person; i don't have anything like this color in my wardrobe. i'm an xl in retailer tops  and purchased this blouse in a 16. i am busty but the top still fit well. i have large upper arms but the sleeves fit fine; i wish they were a bit looser but that is my personal preference and probably doesn't apply to most people. if you're very thin and not busty you might be able to size down  but i'm honestly just not sure. i'm happy to say
Thought this would be my goto fall "dressy sweathsirt." it ran smaller than expected and it just didn't have the drapey sweatshirt shape that i prefer. the detailing on the arms and waistband is to die for though.....
I bought the white tee. while the print is nice  the size is a bit too large with the xs looking relatively baggy (i am around medium weight and very short).
I really liked this top but when i tried it on it was big and too boxy. i considered ordering it in petite but the sales person said that the cut would be the same  boxy but shorter so i decided to pass.
These are really great legging style cords. you can wear them without worrying about covering your bum in my opinion! they are not too bulky at all which you might expect in a corduroy pant. they are a tad loose in the waist area unfortunately but fit me well in the thighs  so i don't think sizing down would work for me. i bought the bronze  and it's a very versatile color! darker than the picture  but still a good color. i feel it will be perfect for fall and spring especially. i'll wear it all
I was very excited to receive this dress because of the cute photo. however  upon arrival i was completely disappointed. the color is much more drab than the photo. the smudged polkadots weren't attractive. there were many little bumps and pulls in the linen. the dress is super heavy. the pleats around the waist did not lay correctly. and it adds 10 pounds to your hips! super sad! i am sending it back.
Comfy easy dress. i bought the black version. fabric is so soft. i wear this around house  but don't hesitate to run out in it if needed. i bought medium so it was roomier and for length since i'm tall. small also fit  but was shorter than i wanted.
I'm really pleased with this jumpsuit. it has great detailing not visible in the online image and the fabric is so soft and comfortable. the navy is lovely. i'm normally a medium or size 4-6. i ordered the medium online and it was far too baggy  especially on top. i tried on the small and x small in store and the x small fit exactly how i wanted (as worn by the model) and the pants were still long enough. i'm glad i didn't give up on it.
I absolutely love mother jeans  but i unfortunately had to return these ones. this particular style seemed to run pretty small. too  i always size up in white jeans  and even the size up that i had ordered were just too tight. i typically wear a 28 in mother  and ordered a 29 in these.
I'm 5'1" and this top was too long for me. it's pretty but expensive for what it is.
Unfortunately  does not look anything like in the picture. looks like an oversized house robe. i expected much more but was disappointed. i am definitely returning it.
Construction excellent. the dress was pretty big around the hip...does not have a shape like seen in the picture. the fabric was beautiful but was stiff...like furniture. the color was not as vibrant as the picture. returned.
I had high hopes for this coat  but it was a miss for me. while the wool is soft and not itchy  the colors are a lot duller in person and the embroidery looks messy.  also  the fit runs large with an unflattering poof in the back where the pleat is located.  i thought about keeping it since i liked how soft the wool was  but alas  i just could not get over the poor tailoring.  for reference i am usually a pxxs ( 5ft2in 105 lbs) and it was big.
Bells out to much i had to send it back
I'm 5 ft 7 125 lbs true size 4 and these pants made me look like i had boy parts. super disappointed!
I was excited to try something by this designer and decided to order size large. unfortunately  this top just looked very odd. cute from the front but it wings out in the back where the sleeves meet the arms. the fabric makes an odd poof in that area. i do have a large bust and it didn't pull anywhere in the front. i expected it to be soft and drapey but the cotton feels very coarse and doesn't drape well. it covered my behind in back. unfortunately it made me look wide from the side view. i hav
This dress is a fun idea- but the one i received had misaligned pleating so a few of the rows of sequins were tucked into the pleat- it threw the lines of the dress off. i ended up returning it but i think it can be amazing if you get one that looks like th stock photo.
This is a great jacket for fall layering. love the color and cut. it wasn't appearing to me in the photo that the sleeves were knit  but it actually works. i wear the sleeves pushed up as i have really long arms and they are a smidge short. now my go too for casual work days and weekend wear.
I ordered this cutie before i read any reviews and i am so glad i did. mine does not have any weird smell at all. i ordered a medium and i wear a size 8. it fits perfectly and is long enough to wear with leggings ...with coverage. the detailing on the yoke is so pretty. i bought it with a discount promotion so it made the price better. i am really glad to add it to my wardrobe!!
The colors are vibrant and the beading is beautifully simple and nicely done. i waited quite a few months for this dress but it was worth the wait! it's loose fitting  but still gives you some shape without looking like you are wearing a potato sack!
I fell in love with these online. i thought they would be such a nice piece of statement denim. unfortunately they did not work for me. i am 5'2" and the waist of these paints was four inches away from my breasts. it didn't look bad from the back but from the front it was comical. the denim itself is nice and heavy but  like the previous reviewer stated  not a dark wash. the pair i received was a medium whiskered wash. if i was taller these would have been a yes  despite the wash discrepancy.
One can't tell from the picture but the top shoulder part is sheet and transparent. it also is very long almost dress length.  feels less quality than what retailer usually carries.
I was disappointed that this dress had no pockets  as every picture on this website suggests. otherwise  it is a great color and shape. still sad though...
I recommend this dress for people who do not have my body type. the dress is very comfortable and nicely designed. my torso is a bit barrel chested with a large bust so the fabric both wrapped and billowed out unattractively  causing the waistband to ride up and the skirt to pouf out over my tummy. if your body is more like the model  this is a flattering dress. for reference i am 5'3" 36dd 140# and ordered the medium petite. perhaps if i bought the non-petite version or sized down maybe it will
I bought this top in taupe and love the style. it's not too boxy or long. cotton is always a plus and i just wish there were more colors.
This jumpsuit is very comfortable. the material is soft the waist is elasticised  it is not drawstring as it seems in the photos.
The dress is absolutely beautiful in person. the blue stripes are a bit brighter and the print on top is more muted. it's unique and sure to turn heads. being 5'2" i tried on the small petite. this size is usually perfect (lengthwise) for me. however this dress was about 2" too long. another complaint is the style of the top half. the model in the picture seems to be hiding the puffiness of the top half. the top half puffs out and made me appear much wider than i am. not a good look on anyone.
I love this tee. very soft and easy care. gentle cycle hand to dry.
I always look for things to hide "parts" without making my "parts" look even more pronounced. this top is much cuter in person than online. it has floral edging around the neck and lace up area i didn't notice. the length is perfect  the sleeve length is perfect and it makes me feel thin (even though it has stripes!). perfect spring summer top.
This dress is tricky. the fabric is very thin and the under slip it comes with runs small. i wear it with my yoga shorts underneath. the fabric is a very thin linen. my husband loves me in this dress so that a huge pro. its very light and cool perfect for the summer time.
The fit is so bad and the construction is very poor. i'm 5'1''  100 lbs  ordered xxs petite.     first of all  when i button this  there is extreme gaping going on. the vest runs narrow  yet tall?it shifts up my torso if i move at all  making the gaping even worse.    the "skirt" at the bottom is made of a very cheap  thin  slightly sheeny material that you would find at a flea market. it arrived unbelievably wrinkled and crumpled  and it was just so thin. it did not meet as closely in the middl
I saw this en route to the dressing room at an retailer store and picked it up to try on. despite the store only carrying this in petites  i tried it on anyway and didn't want to take it off! it's very wearable and comfortable. the sides have boning which keeps the fabric from riding up or down. i have a little postpartum tummy and the shape and pattern conceals that nicely.     i'm 5'6  160 lbs  and 36c. i typically wear a 10 and bought this in a 10p. the length  waist and bust fit perfectly.
This dress was too cute to pass up! i loved it online but when i got it home  it was so tight i couldn't zip up my normal size. the length was perfect on me being 5'7". the fabric and detail was beautiful. if you have a bust  order a size up. beautiful dress just really snug up top.
These pants are adorable as pajamas or maybe something very casual to wear to the beach  but they honestly do not seem like something that a grown woman would wear in public. they are good quality and fit nicely  but i feel like if you're over 20  they're not really flattering or especially appropriate.
I was very happy to snag this dress at such a great price! it's very easy to slip on and has a very flattering cut and color combo.
Perfect fall accessory and transitional piece for cooler days. classic red and black check with a fashion flair. great with jeans or dress it up with jewelry. a great find!
Is a great top for layering over leggings  running errands or after the gym. the material was thin. i returned it because the color didn't look great on me and for the price  i just didn't love it.
Great fabric.  nice legging  substantial fabric  more structured than a typical legging.
Well made dress. cute pleats - though a few didn't lie perfectly flat. it was a little too long for me (i'm 5'1) especially in the torso/straps area. also the armholes were a little large. fits tts
I thought these were great everyday shirts for the price. i got them on sale over christmas. they fit well and i really love the striped shirt. the navy is an odd color and looks strange with jeans but i love the top regardless
This sweater coat is a keeper. yes it runs large but if you wear it as a coat and not a sweater it works well. plus it is very warm. for size i normally wear a large 12/14 and i ordered a medium. great for layering soft winter whites. i wore this christmas shopping and everyone asked about it all day. this will for sure go into my retailer classic closet.
Really wanted to love this top but it was too boxy for me! really pretty deep wine colors and a great plaid  but overall it did not give me any shape and it was returned 
Wow  this runs small! i'm thinking the accidentally sent me an xxs?!?
So after reading the 2 reviews  decided to just order my usual size (26)  thinking they might be a tad snug. wrong! they were huge! i looked at the size to see if they sent me a size 30 by mistake! unfortunately small sizes sold out. quality is excellent as well as style  so bummed!
I tried this on in store but didn't purchase it due to price  then kicked myself afterwards when my size was sold out online. i really wanted the gray. i finally was able to order my size when it was restocked very briefly and am so happy i did. this is such a cute poncho.  i also have the angel of the north poncho from last winter  and don't like that one nearly as much. that one was too long; this one is the perfect length. it curves down in the front and back  and then comes up at the sides r
I tried the red version at store  it fit really good and i loved it. then i found the blue version online and liked even more. it can be worn for business and casual.
This is a gorgeous sweater! i purchased it in black and purple.
It's way more distressed than it looks in the picture and that was a no for me.
This blouse is perfect for semi dressy occasions silver ribbon adds a nice  subdued sparkle accent and no need to add a camisole due to the nice lining.
I was excited about this - - such a lovely look online. but on me...it was just meh. i'm a little heavy right now so that could be playing into it...but i will say i loved the top part of the dress. very flattering and subtly sexy. but the bottom..it just hangs like a rag. it needs either more material for a swishier effect...or it needs to be a different material. or maybe knit just doesn't work on me in the form of a dress! the knit is nice but i kind of also feel like it is chintzy...i can't
I love this vest. i think it is heavy for a warm spring/summer day so kind've surprised it was featured at the store early spring. i waited for it to go on sale and purchased my normal retailer size medium. i agree it may seem big or loose fitting but i am a vest girl and the fit for me is perfect. size 34 dd  145 lbs and 5 ft 4 in height. it is a great finishing piece for causal or office attire. this vest will definitely stay in my closet for a long time. beautiful quality.
I am very into the lace tops! purchased this but it's a very exaggerated swing top and on someone who is 5'3  it feels almost like a tunic. lots of extra material in the back. love the look and if you're tall enough  it should work for you!
Great style and cut  love the deep v. the fabric is soft and its very comfortable. it gives some support. i don't wear it with light blouses or shirts  unless i'm hanging around the house. i have this is pink and black.
This is a beautiful skirt; the colors are fresh and summery  yet subtle  and it's a nice sturdy cotton  not flimsy and cheap looking. however  i agree with the reviewer who said that this runs small. i take a 4 in most skirts  but i had to try on a 6 and still felt that it didn't fit quite right. if you're extremely thin  this might be great for you.
This top is comfortable and pretty plus  i like the extra length in the sleeves. it is very lightweight and i'm cold natured so  i wear a bra top tankini underneath for warmth.
I was surprised at the high quality of fabric; however  the dress looked like a muumuu on. maybe with a belt it would be cuter...
I saw this very shirt online & thought it was so pretty. in person  the shirt seems flimsy. the buttons look as though they'd fall off. i also didn't like the cut of the shirt. it seemed to be tighter on top & looser on the bottom. had to return. i couldn't justify the cost with the quality.
This dress had a nice silhouette  but the armholes were cut a bit wide and made it look sloppy- too bad - it would've made a nice casual dress!
I really like these shorts. i'm quite petite and have a hard time finding shorts to fit other than high end denim brands. these are great b/c of the sizing  i wear a 24 in most denim and the 24 in these fit perfectly. also love the length  not too short or long! going to order a second color  i have the plum and love it.
I was so excited to get this top! i love the bow at the neck and the frill sleeves  so current. unfortunately  it was difficult for me to pull it over my head! the neck opening is too small  and there are no buttons. i have a pretty small head and very fine straight hair  so i can imagine that others will have a similar issue getting it on!    i am keeping it because i love the style  but will need to alter the neck myself. the rest of the top fits just a bit loose.  i got the x-small and am a 3
Gorgeous pattern  even prettier in person! runs slightly large in my opinion  could size down. nice to have as a petite option.
Looks beautiful in the photo and the color in person is beautiful but it runs so so large that i think even an extra small would be too large for me. just for comparison  and i wish all reviewers would include this  i am 5'5" and weigh 120 pounds. i ordered a medium which a small to medium is my usual size but i ordered the medium because i wanted to have room to wear something under it. i could have worn two sweatshirts under this sweater. unfortunately i have returned it.
Absolutely stinning dress! statement piece for sure however i will agree with other reviews that the bust is small and has no give or wiggle room with the side zipper...one if those dreaded side zippers that you always fear breaking as you dress. sizing up would help but the waist then appears too big or bulky.. i am on the fence about whether or not it's a keeper ...definitely perfect for the smaller chested. i usually wear xs size 2/4 the 6 zipped the 4 nearly did but would've smashed. neverth
I really like this blouse a lot. very very easy to wear!! i wore with pencil skirt to work and with skort as shown similar on model with sandals on weekend. very flattering and great blue color!!! very happy with this purchase. highly recommend. i am 5'6" short torso and my usual 6 worked.
I might be the only odd person out there who think this jacket is not perfect at all. a lot of other reviewers said that the jacket runs small. for me  it's not true at all  i had to go to xxp petite to find the fit acceptable  but it was simply too short (rather than 20" as it states on the website  it's more like 18")  which is a thing i almost never experienced because i am a petite person! i don't even want to go regular size because it would've been too big. i saw some photos that others po
So stylish. i have gotten tons of compliments on this sweater. i absolutely love it!
The material is soft. it looks perfect with ankle jeans or flare jeans.
Loved the design and print of this blouse.  however  every time i put it on or took it off  i could hear the seams ripping.  definitely wasn't because it was too small either.
I tried these on because the color is really pretty and fun  and who donse't want a pair of comfy/cute pants... but they looked awful on my muscular thighs... i don't think the cut will be falttering on 99% of the population. also  not as comfortable as they looked  the crotch seemed a little "low" on me  though the pants were in the correct size.
I love the idea of this top  but wish there wasn't so much fabric. i am wearing a medium in the photos and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40.
Everybody else is correct. the dress is adorable but the fit is weird. i am usually a size 2 (134lb  34 c) but got the 4 based on the reviews. the waist fits perfect  the top is huge  especially the armholes. if i get a size 2 then the waist will be too tight. however  the dress is so cute i am considering taking it for alterations and keeping it. definitely it has fit issues.
I bought this in the store so i didn't know that it was actually a sleep chemise. i kind of wondered if it was supposed to be a super-short dress but the salesgirl said that it was a top so i tried it on. the price is shocking but i'm a teacher and this month (july) teachers get 15% off so that helped a little bit. when i tried it on  i absolutely loved it. maybe i look like a cupcake but i'm a very happy cupcake with tassels dangling from my sleeves! who doesn't love tassels?! this is just a ve
I loved this dress especially because each flower appliquã© was so beautiful. however  each attached to one another by single threads. given that i wear lots of rings  i could already tell that i might snag these beautiful flowers. additionally  the appliquã©s are sewn so close to the back zipper that some of the flowers were already getting damaged from the dress being tried on. overall  if you are very careful  this is an amazing dress  but i did return it because of its delicate nature.
I love this shirt. tried in on in stores. i'm typically a medium across the board. i'm 5'6  137lbs  34d. i went for the size 6 figuring the 4 would be too small. the 6 fit... but it's short like everyone else said. not crop top short but definitely raise your arms and stomach is exposed short. i didn't buy it for the $50 price tag because of the shortness. but now that it's 30% i might spring for it  regardless of the weird cut. it's super cute otherwise!
Great  special cardigan. fits like a shrug and a little short but is perfect over a tight fitting sheath. great for broad shoulders.
I got he green color with gray accent stitching  looks awesome with gray tone leggings. super soft  definitely runs a little big (5'6" 140 lbs i ordered the small) but not in an unflattering way.
I ordered this top in red. gorgeous color and detail  however just wasn't flattering on my more curvy shape. felt like it looked like a maternity top.
The first surprise is that in person  the material is actually kind of woolen? at least  i would definitely call it a winter knit. the colors are also a little different -- so much so that i didn't recognize it in the store. i'm not sure if the one i tried on was stretched out  but it definitely ran large on me. the waistband is elastic  so i would worry about is stretching over time. i would have been curious to see what the petite option looked like on me  as the regular version was longer tha
I ordered an xxs and it is extremely short in length. another customer had a similar review  but i still took a chance that it would fit well. the sides of the shirt have slits  and because the shirt is too short  it shows the skin on my hips. the rest of the shirt fit fairly well  but i'll still need to return this top.
Fits true to size. good quality  style and length.
I ordered this and thought it would be cute for work  but it tuns out the sleeves are ridiculously long. i am 5 foot 10 and do not have short arms. also it is a bit short waisted for me. i do love the floral detail of the button.
These pants are gorgeous when you first see them. they fit beautifully when you first put them on. and then you wear them for one day. and they snag. on everything. and little strings start to come out of the pants. and the hem begins to unravel. and the pants which were once beautiful light summer pants appropriate for work or brunch are now frumpy  worn out pants with a million snags and strings hanging off of them .... after one day.     i can't begin to tell you how annoyed i am that i spent
A very pretty pair of over-the-knee socks. i purchased the dark grey color  which has a metallic silver thread running through it. a nice subtle but glitzy touch. the knitted pattern is intricate and nicely done. i'm 5' 4" and they do come up well above the knee. if you are walking quite a bit  they don't stay above the knee  but they do seem to stay just below the knee. because the yarn is fairly thin they don't look bunchy even if they come down a bit. i have very sensitive skin  and metallics
You will love this cardigan. very well made with beautiful details. the sleeves have the same detail as the collar and the back. has darker flecks that will go well with dark pants or cords or jeans. you will love this cardi! wish it came in more springy colors. i only gave it a lower rating for quality because the first one i tried on had a sleeve that was much tighter than the other sleeve. the replacement was fine!!
Great item. ordered for my wife for christmas. received it and the medium petite waist size measured at approximately 26" (so it is at least 2" off the standard--and a thick material needs a bit more room to fit well). disappointed! replaced with next size up...we'll see!
This top is beautiful. everything about it is beautiful. it has lovely detail on the back as well as the front. i chose a size 12 which seems to run true. it fit. however  regretfully i had to return the top. i came back here hoping i could find it in ivory or black... but there's only one color. the dusky rose is lovely  but i'm blonde and true pink is fine; this shade not so good  although as someone else here commented  it is a stunning shade of pink  very unusual -- like old dried roses. i l
I ordered this coat because  like others  i was taken by its feminine beauty! unfortunately  the coat showed up with the top button broken off (and missing) and another button hole torn open. i returned that coat right away  thinking that it'd been damaged somehow in shipping. however  i began to question the quality of the coat when the second coat showed up with a broken and missing top button! when i tried on the coat  i found the missing button stuffed into the pocket. not the quality i expe
I remember seeing this great jackets online and knowing that i would have to have it! so i traveled to the store to try it on. the ruffle on the bottom was beautiful and fluffy and just like the pictures. the color was perfect and it was lightweight enough i could get more uses out of it that most of my coats in the texas heat. so i tried on the small. the didn't quite button over my bust  and i did an arm wiggle that made the arms too tight near where they met my body. no problem  medium it is.
I've been moving toward a simple tee and jean wardrobe  and this is the perfect addition! it's so fun and different and so comfortable. i've been loving retailer's new tee's! it runs a little large but in a cute way.
I wanted to love this dress because the color is so amazing  but the arm holes are huge! i am petite and tried this on and it just sadly didn't work.
Not for the curvy women. fit in the waist but bunched around the crotch
Love the color and overall design of this dress...but it's just going to have to go back. the view from the direct front and back are nice  but froth side the high waist and secure back make me look pregnant. not the look i'm going for especially at this price.    the other oddity is that the white circle design is unfortunately placed! in the back it's all i see which is 'right' on a bulls-eye and the same on the front. i don't know how the designer missed this! it's the only white design on th
This dress was so comfortable  i wore it all day - to church  out to brunch and actually slept in it. it would travel well  too.
This is a very pretty  feminine top with nice detailing.
Great cut and fit. tts. size 6 fit my 5'5"  135 pound frame (34b/c bust) wonderfully. my sister and best friend loved it on. but i'm returning. the color is more of a very bright orange than red. i would want to wear this in the middle of summer but the all-polyester fabric is hot. i have too many dresses in my closet. cute as it is  i'd just never pick this one. love to see this design in lighter fabric and different color options. 1-2" longer would also be a slightly better length.
I fell in love with this dress as soon as i saw it. it does fit more loosely than i typically prefer  but the colors and the patterns have such personality that it didn't matter. i wear mine both as a dress and with leggings for the windy days. this is one of my new favorites!
I love layering this over basic tees (or graphic ones like the wild west tee) - it adds just the right amount of edge. currently building my pin collection to add on (vintage turquoise and rock music to be exact).
I am reasonably petite  but i like sweaters very oversized and large  so i ordered this sweater in a large. i was very disappointed when the sweater came because while the sleeves and upper chest area were in large  the length of the sweater did not at all increase when the size did. because the lower part of the sweater did not increase in size  the sweater ended up looking very awkward  with the chest and sleeves very large and long but then a very tight and short (waist-length) stomach. i do
I do love sheath dresses and this one is very adorable!  true to size and nice length.  the black and white is kind of a throwback to the 60s flower power era and really cute.  nice weight so feels substantial not the flimsy wrinkly type material; more like a crepe.  very nice!
This top came down to my hip bones  but i am short-waisted. the shirt definitely fits shorter than in the photo. the measurements listed for "regular" seem to be a bit shorter than the 26" l measurement i got when i measured it. i think the quality is nice  and though it could likely easily snag if you're not one who is used to wearing delicate clothing  i didn't find this top to be flimsy at all. for reference i purchased a l and the fit is more form-fitting on me than it is on the model  but n
As soon as i saw this skirt i was in love. i like the fit it is very comfortable. i love the detail in the crocheted part of the skirt. i can't wait to wear it and i recommend this item.
Lately retailer tees have been misses for me but i was intrigued by the reviewers comments about the shaping of the tee to enhance the illusion of a waistline. that drew me in because i have a short waist and some shaped tees just cling there and emphasize rolls more than my waist. but not this one. it is more fitted along the back waist and looser in the front. i generally order size large in tees as i did with this one. i don't think the fit is too big because it's cut not to cling anywhere. i h
I'm petite and i ordered the smallest size possible online (5'1" 95lb). i ordered the rain/umbrella pattern which is cute and very "retailer" in my opinion. for those who are experiencing "gapping at the buttons over bust area" - wear a tank inside and problem is solved! hoping they would come out with cuter prints in the future.
Purchased as a gift  but needed to return due to recipient weight challenged in past 6 months. heavier material of neutral tone ( with detailing of epaulets) pairs well with dresses  skirts  jeans  jeggings and whatever style of boots. veratile garment and will re-purchase for self in future.
This dress is super comfortable and well made. i am 5'10 150lbs and the large was a little too big but with a belt it worked out just fine
I ordered this sweater in a medium with high hopes. i'm 5'8" and slender  but with a 36' bust  and the medium was too loose and long (sleeves fell past my wrists). i would exchange this for a small for a better fit  but the color is not the white or cream color i was expecting. the color of this sweat is more of an oatmeal - not flattering on a far-skinned blonde. i think the color would look fantastic on someone with dark hair (as it does on the girl in the photo). the texture is great and i re
The perfect simple black top. great fit - can be dressed up or down. closet staple!
I bought this t-shirt in three colors and i'm keeping them because they work for what i want (travel clothes) but the t-shirts run big and are too boxy. i think they look nice if you tuck them in.
The color is darker than shown (i ordered the denim looking one). the flower things are not very visible as it all looks one color. it must be great for the tall skinny model   but if your 5'4'' and pear shaped like me  it's a no go! took it back to my local store.
I really like this dress. despite the somewhat gathered skirt  it has a clean line and doesn't add a lot of volume around the hips. the blue is a great color. the length is well above the knee but i'm 5'10". i can see wearing this dress in the fall with leggings or tights and boots.
I love the ease of wearing and styling this top. i am very pleased with the construction. glad i ordered it!
I thought the dress in store for true to size and was a bit more 'swinging' style. i am 5'7  athletic and the small fit perfect.
Got this dress on sale. it fits great. i am 5'8"  small bust  small waist but bigger hips. and this dress makes all those areas look great.
This shirt is pretty but wasn't worth the price in my opinion. the shirt does a pretty decent job of staying closed at least  and the embroidering is pretty  but i could tell the material wouldn't last very long.  also i like my shirts loose fitting  but this one looks more boxy than flowy. i'd probably still buy it if it were cheaper.
For me  the v was too deep on this one  but the colors are beautiful.
This is a lovely dress  with great fabrication. nice detail on the zipper placket. good material. however  it runs small in the waist  if you had a nymph waist this is for you! i couldn't get it zipped.
I tried yellow motif  but unfortunately  i did not purchase it.  it was quite difficult to explain why it did not work for me...  i liked its floral pattern and shape of sleeves.  texture was ok.  usually  i like a cool touch of linen.  but this t-shirt was not as comfortable as the other products made of linen.  i was not quite sure; it just was not right for me.  only word i could think was "average."  personally  i do not recommend it  but who knows  maybe it is right for you...  so  try wear
I bought this top in every color. the fit is so flattering and just flows so nicely - not too big. love!
I ordered this in hopes of wearing as a tunic with leggings for my rehearsal dinner. it is much shorter than expected and wouldn't have looked right with leggings. it also was more gray than ivory and in the short time i had it on was shedding lint like crazy. beautiful in photos but didn't work for me.
Every now and then a piece like this one comes along at retailer  and i quickly make the purchase without any regret.  without being stuffy or old  this top is simply elegant. the floral is very high-end designer (think italian made) for a fraction of the cost. made of 100% bamboo  it is light without being sheer. there is no need for a cami with this one. the fabric has the body of a good linen  but it doesn't wrinkle nearly as much. it does require dry cleaning  though  if this matters to you.
This is a beautiful dress! not too interested in yellow but needed it for a wedding this summer. i usually wear a large but returned it for a medium - the large armhole was a little too big. super comfortable and easy.
It does run a little small. my regular 2 fit but snug. the colors were drab and the material felt like straw. the lining is really silky and nice. just didn't work for me .
I saw this dress and immediately started daydreaming about wearing it while honeymooning in italy along the amalfi coast or the cinque terre with my husband. and then i tried this dress on and immediately woke up. the cut is a disaster  the quality is terrible  and the dress just plain didn't work. the strips of elastic were sewn unevenly  giving the appearance that there was one large breast and one non-existent breast. the neckline was so long that it had to have the elastic run over the outsi
I tried this top on in the store and didn't buy it because i was in a hurry. obsessed about it and it was sold out when i went back. so happy i was able to get it online  it's beautiful. i got a medium and it fits perfectly  enough room that it hangs nicely but not baggy  i'm typically a medium in shirts at retailer. it looks beautiful with high waisted black pants. i wear a cami underneath. i own it in white and tried it on with a black bra only and it looked great  i just didn't feel comfortable
Yes  it's a swing top  just like many of the other swing tops retailer is offering this season. i find this silhouette unflattering on me  being top heavy  so i was frustrated to discover the swing-ness only after i ordered it and it arrived at my house. it also runs huge  with big gaping arm holes. the sleeves are cute and fluttered. the black panels on the sides are semi-sheer. it is a pretty boxy top  which the photo doesn't seem to capture. order at least a size smaller than usual.
The concept of this top is cool and the outer fabric is nice. the inner layer is sheer but as long as you're wearing a nude-colored bra  no big deal. however i did find the inner layer to be scratchy. they must've photoshopped the fit of the top on the model or altered the top  because it looks like it hangs straight on her. i ordered an xs and when you pull it out of the package  it clearly flares out & is a-line. so as a previous reviewer stated  it looks huge from the front. if it had fit the
This sweater was so itchy i immediately was turned off. it looks cute in pictures but another problem was that the knitting in the shoulders looks like a kid made it. it was uneven and stretched out. it looked like it was not well made to me. it also shed so much that just from me trying it on my pants were covered in orange fuzz. i returned this one.
I should have looked more carefully at the description of these before i made the purchase. these jeans  unfortunately are very stretchy which i don't like at all. i was looking for 100% cotton with no lycra-love rigid denim so these are not for me. they have a very nice design and fit tts. they are very long so expect hemming if you are not 5'10 at least! the 29 was perfectly sized and will be flattering on a curvy figure  i would imagine. rear pockets are placed very low on the bottom giving t
The print on these leggings is so cool but they are completely see-through. i mean seriously  seriously see-through.
This dress can be dressed up or down. it looks cute w/ a black open sweater and looks great alone. the fabric is very soft. although it isn't fitted  it doesn't have too much material either  so it is very flattering on. the back yoke also has the white embroidered flowers which finishes off a quality look. the pockets are nice and light inside. i usually wear a 10/12 and the large fit perfectly. i was also lucky to get it on sale ;)
I got this in blue and i love it! it skims your curves without being clingy  and it is very comfortable. i was hesitant to buy this  but it's surprisingly flattering! it will be perfect with heels for early fall  then worn with a long sleeve shirt and boots when the temperatures dip. my only caution is that it is shorter than it appears in this photo. it falls well above my knees  and i am shorter than the model. regardless  i am thrilled with my purchase!
These are the perfect wide legs.  they aren't overly wide (a common problem for petite women like myself  who cannot pull off the really wide styles)  and they are nicely fitted in the top.  the fabric is a great weight  neither too heavy nor too light so they lay nicely. (the similar level 99 linen wide legs with the waist ties have a much lighter fabric that doesn't lay right  and i like these hei hei pants much better.). i said they run large because i tend the fluctuate between 00p and 0p  a
This sweater was a big let down. i am 5'2" so i ordered it in a petite. it was so short that if i lifted my arms  you'd see my bra!! there is no way i could wear it without something under it- even with high waisted bottoms. and the bell sleeves look nothing like the pic. the entire sleeve is just wide  and it continues with little increase into the cuff. it is just short and boxy. it is going back for sure.
This dress is lovely in person- light rose color and quality fabric. i'm a 32c and had to go down from my usual 2 to a 00 to get a proper fit in the bust and bodice. the full skirt leaves plenty of room to size down if necessary. this would work best on someone with a larger bust and small waist  but because of the cut i recommend trying on before buying. if you are smaller busted  the front tie can be adjusted slightly to get a better fit. the skirt portion is unlined  though  the fabric is thi
I agree with the other reviews that the side slits are not at all represented in the images. thankfully there was an instagram photo of the coat posted by the time i ordered it that showed the side panels very clearly  so i was not caught off guard. i like that the panels allow for ease of movement  but when there's a cold wind it would be nice if they were not there. this coat is a great statement piece for a night out  just not as much for day to day wear if you're looking for something warm a
I read the previous comments and was skeptical. i love the dress! it's fitted on the top and flowy on the bottom. i didn't find it too big or maternity on the bottom half. the print is really pretty with flecks of blue that brightened up the dress.
Cute  but very itchy! have to wear a long sleeve tee underneath!
Beautiful dress but have to return. way too big & long for me. medium is the size i wear but i think i would need an extra small.
This dress has all the hallmarks of a classic. the fit of the bodice is form enhancing but modest and the flare is very feminine and swingy. i love the soft denim fabric though it smelled funny out of the package and i had to air it out. i am 140# 36dd and bought the size 8.
This dress is the perfect length and so comfortable! it's conservative enough to wear to work as a teacher but also so cute! i'm 5'6" and the large hits right above my ankle. medium fit as well but i wanted a little extra room in the torso.
I love these laid back  causal pants. they have a draw string  very comfortable and can be an alternative to sweat pants  lounge wear  etc. i am petite  5'2"  100 lbs or a little less  and i got the xsma?l size. i am pretty proportioned  but my upper body is a little thinner. meaning  i don't have a straight  rail body. my petite frame  has curve to my hips  tush  so it isn't easy to find pants  jeans  etc that are automatically flattering. these trousers are cut well  of good quality and nice n
Normally  hd in paris brand is spot on for their dresses. this dress is a big thumbs down. as most of these reviewer's and myself point out  the large arm holes do not allow you to wear a regular bra because you don't just get a peak of your bra  you get to see the whole side of it. secondly  the bust of the dress would work only for an a-cup bra  too small for the average woman. the only bright spot with this dress is the brilliant colors available and the quality of the fabric itself - excelle
It breaks my heart to say this but i had to return for shape issues. i am not a fan of dolman sleeves (they make me look big and bulky) and i wished i would have known that prior to purchasing. it is unfortunate because it is a really beautiful knit and quality. i could see this working better on someone tall and thin.
I tried this dress at the store and fell in love with it but they only had the red dress (my size). trust me  the red is absolutely beautiful but i needed a black dress so i purchased it online. i just can't wait for it to arrive!  it fits perfectly and it's so classy.
Very cute coat but could not keep it for the price...just not sure it is worth almost $200 00 (with tax added to cost). when it goes on sale  i will most likely buy it.
This dress fits wonderfully. i can wear it causally or dress it up if i want to. great deal as well.
These are super cute on. they shorts-length lining inside  which is great.
I actually had no problem with the neck hole of this shirt  even with the xs size. however  i had a huge issue with the bottom eyelet section. it's so tight! it stretches across my thighs and looks so funny  as the top part is still loose. i tried moving up to a size small and still had this problem. maybe just not for girls with thighs ... very strange fit.
Unfortunately  the other reviews were accurate. i thought i could still make it work because i loved the design. but alas the dress is incredibly see-through. i tried using it like a bathing suit cover up  unbuttoned  like one of the models shows - but it looked very strange. would have definitely kept this dress for the beach if it weren't completely see-through.
So disappointed in the abundance of polyester fabrics that retailer carries these days. especially at this price point. the pattern and style of this dress is beautiful  but i will never spend two hundred dollars (or even half that) on a poly dress. please add more linen  cotton  and silk!
This is a beautiful dress and i would recommend.  but it was short on me (tall)  not the midi i was hoping for. and a little too low cut (too much cleavage)  i'm a d cup.  since i paid full price  i have to be completely pleased with my purchase  for this reason i will return.   maybe if i had bought it on sale price  then i would keep.
I'm returning this jacket. i tried it on after it was delivered  and was happy with the weight  cut  and color  although it's more dusty mauve than it looks in the picture. however  the stitching and the zipper are of such poor quality that i doubt  it will last very long. i actually can't get the zipper to zip at all. it's very rough and lightweight  and i'm afraid if i keep trying to force it i'll just end up breaking it. sorry to say yet another retailer item turns out to be poor quality.   thi
I love the cut and style of this simple striped tank! it's good fabric
Recently wore this lovely dress during business trip - was stopped four times while walking thru orlando airport. the design is extremely comfortable  the print will make you and others smile. so elegant and fun. the beading on the flowers is elegant. such a unique piece
Hate i have to return it - way too long-almost more mid thigh/almost dress length.
I thought it was only me and immediately assumed i needed to go on a diet when i attempted to put this adorable skirt on. it got stuck at my hips. i'm a very consistent size small in dresses and skirts. i actually thought about putting it on over my head but that was impossible. its going back. now i see the other reviews and am relieved that its the skirt and not me! wish i had read them before purchasing. retailer is going to get a lot of returns on this one.
This print is so cool! the shirt is just a little loose so order your usual size and it will fit perfectly.
I wish i would have read the other reviews before ordering. it's cute  but very casual and very thin material...not like other retailer tops. also runs super small. i ordered a small (i wear a small or xsmall at retailer) and will likely jump to a large given feedback in other reviews.
Yay  i found it: my go-to dress for this summer! it's perfect for casual day-to-day stuff  as well as summer festivals  nights out  travel  etc. i love the design  length and fit. it's a bit snug in the chest area but i went with the smaller size as the shoulder straps sagged a bit in the larger size. the lace-up front gives it a sexy corset-type bodice  but in a very casual  appropriate way. i think this dress will work well with many body types and ages  it's flattering for us curvier ladies 
These leggings are a quality product at a great price! i ordered these for my daughter and she loves them. warm and comfy  she wears them all the time.
This dress is really lovely. it looks so fragile online but in person is rather structured and substantial. it runs very large i just returned mine for 2 sizes down. i also like the zipper up the back so that the eye hooks on the front are not necessary to use to put on. the interior lining is affixed so there is no slipping like a typical under slip. if you are on the fence at least try it. i am glad i did.
I wanted to love this dress. the cut  fit and color are adorable. unfortunately the fabric is super thin. due to the material type it can be clingy in a manner that requires the anti-static spray your mom used to use in the 80s. i was on the fence of keeping it  but if there is so much as a wrinkle in your panty-line the whole world will see it. i would hate to have to wear a slip with this due to static issue. i am most likely going to return it; even at 15% off  it is over-priced for the cheap
I hoped to love this based on the prior review  but i didn't. it's a beautifully crafted top but the print didn't look good on me. and although i grabbed during the sale it's too expensive to keep when it's not perfect.
These socks were so narrow  especially on top  that they pinched my thighs and we're almost painful to wear all day. my thighs are pretty narrow  i'm only five feet tall and my legs and hips are the thinnest part of my body. i understand that they need to be reinforced on top so that they don't slip down but these are definitely made for a person who is unhealthily skinny. "one size" is definitely not true. they also snag easily.
Maeve is one of my favorite retailer designers. usually fall in love with a blouse  only to look at the tag and discover it's by maeve (go figure).  this top is just atrocious though. does nothing for girls with a larger chest. very boxy and unflattering. gorgeous colors though  and the sleeve concept is cute. however  where the sleeve meets the shirt looks cheap and thrown on. not impressed.
The jacket is cute  it runs small but looks good. i like it even though it feels tight on my arms.
This is the cutest sweater. i bought it today in black. i cannot wait to wear it. it is a lovely  distinctive knit & just the right weight to layer as shown with a white blouse or with a turtleneck. i tried both the xs and s; and i decided to go with the s as it still emphasized that i have waist  but i could layer it nicely. i am 5'4"  130 lb. you can always count on angel of the north for great style.
I think this shirt would be really cute on the right body type  just not mine. i'm 5'5  125 and a 34ddd a couple weeks post partum. thought this could be a good shirt while i'm nursing bc it's flowy but stylish. unfortunately it did nothing for me when i put it on. the cut drew all attention to my big chest---not in a good way--and distracted from my smaller lower half. made me look much bigger and heavier than i actually am. probably good for small chested girls  very tall girls or curvy on the
This is the softest flannel ever! while i don't think i'd wear it outside  it is super comfy just lounging around. it runs very large  but since it's a flannel romper  not a problem. absolutely recommend for all shapes and sizes!
I love this blazer so much i bought it in both colors. i'm 5'7"  120 pounds and bought the size 4 which is perfect. initially when i tried it on in the store i thought i needed the 6 because it was a little tight in the arms and shoulders. the 6 was too boxy on me and i'm so glad i went with the 4. it stretched  especially the arms  and fits perfect. i love how i can dress this down (with a graphic tee and jeans) or dress up (with a blouse and cropped black pants).
I love love love these white jeans. the crop style is great as i am 5'1"  so the fit is perfect for an ankle jean.  these fit the bill in every way. they are so comfy!
These jeans are fantastic - the denim is very high quality and the fit is true to size. the dark rinse is very flattering and pairs well with almost anything. my only (small) gripe is that the length is a bit awkward. i'm 5'4" and it fits more like a regular pair of jeans  not ankle-length. just something to keep in mind if you're not super tall like the model in the picture.
I thought this top was absolutely beautiful! i couldn't wait to get it in but unfortunately it was very big on me. (i'm 5 ft  105 lbs and got the pxs) the arm holes were so big as well as the overall fit. i'm very disappointed  i really wanted this top to work.
This dress has been on retailer's site for a while now (years?) and i finally grabbed one during a recent member sale. i can't believe i waited so long! it's so gorgeous on - classy but still distinctly sexy. i'm 5'10" 160# and the size 8 fits great - definitely fitted through the hips and thighs and roomy enough on top i considered taking it in. beautiful dress overall!
This top is beautiful online and in person. i am in no way a large full figured gal  but i did order an xl. reading the past review and wanting an airy fit i ordered a larger size. this shirt is horribly tiny in person! the xl regular fit looked like an xs. have no idea if this particular shirt sent to me was miss sized or what. will take back. other than fit  the shirt is very beautiful in every way.
This is a modern version of the peplum top and very flattering if you don't mind flowy cuts. the material has a nice heaviness to it  and i love the black pebbled effect. 34 d  130 lbs fit small perfectly.
I ordered this on sale  after reading the review  but i was disappointed when i tried it on. the color is darker in person  which is better for me  but it looked dull on my skin tone (pale). also  teh sleeves poofed in a weird way on the top where the seam meets the neck. the overall cut is almost flattering  a little long still for me in petite  i felt like i was trying on a regular size. so not for me. for reference  i ordered the 0p (or xsp  not sure right now). i am 115 lbs  30dd chest  26.5
Really love this sweater. i am pretty crushed i'm returning it. the flair below the waist is too much. the quality is wonderful  the color lovely  the style great- i wore it around the house and every time i caught a mirror  it just was too much material  too big a bell shape. oh well  still looking for the sweater for winter 2016/17.
This dress is so so cute. i ordered an xs and it was a bit longer in person than pictured but that's an easy enough fix since i know a good tailor. the problem is that the dress isn't lined. it's made of thin  see-through cotton so it leaves nothing to the imagination. for the price of this dress i would have expected it to be suited for more than just a bathing suit cover-up. without a slip underneath it (if you can find a strapless one) it is unwearable in most social settings. it's such a sha
This dress is amazing! the color is a little darker then what's pictured  but the dress is great. very delicate. you have to be careful how you handle it.
When i first saw this online  i knew i had to have it. so  when dresses were 25% off  i grabbed the deal! it's perfect. it's super soft and an appropriate length. i love the bell sleeves-they're ultra feminine and slightly trendy  but not too much! i definitely recommend this dress! reference: 5'7  140ish lbs--size 27 in jeans  xs/s/4 in tops and dresses and the small fit me better than the xs.
My daughter loves these  she wears them around the house all day when she doesn't have to go out.
Beautiful dress with the colors and pleats. i did not have the same problems with the bust area that others did. my biggest complaint is the exposed zipper doesn&#39;t lay flat  even when just hanging on the hanger. when actually on a person the zipper juts out. had to be returned!
Falls nicely. pretty peachy pink color. darker than pictured. bought sz l  5'8" 175lbs  am busty. very nice fabric  prone to wrinkles.
Let me start this review by saying  75% of my clothing is from retailer and i love them. my husband bought this sweater for me recently and it's gorgeous  but when i tried it on one sleeve was longer than the other. i went to the store and tried on several sweaters even in different colors and had the same issue. sometimes is was extreme  sometimes is wasn't as noticeable. it was noticeable to me  however  as i am 6' and sleeve length is super obvious when its too short. love the sweater  as it wa
I really wanted to love this everything about this piece. especially after reading all of the great review i was so excited and looking forward to getting this dress. unfortunately it just did not work out. i ordered a large and it fit fine but the dress did not give me the faltering shape i had read about and was hoping for. it literally just hung on me and made me look wider. sadly i had to return this.
Beautiful sweater dress. nice texture gorgeous pattern. however not for my body type! i'm 5'5"  a size 12-14 and i carry my weight in hips butt & tummy area. this dress is only slightly a line  almost straight and even the xl didn't look flattering on me. and the arms are definitely smaller and weird too-there is bunching in the pit area. i tried on a large for comparison and it was too tight all over and there was a button missing too. this def. runs small and i think will be flattering on the
I like my dresses oversized but this one is ridiculous. it's seriously unflattering. i usually between a m & a l and i got a small and it's still massive. but the slip is tiny.     it looks so cute in the picture. but not good in person.
This product is the best if not the most excellent garment i have purchased in years i feel like a model even though i am full body lady what gorgeous piece of clothing
It looks adorable in the picture... but just not flattering in real life. too much fabric in the skirt that flares from the waist in a bunchy  unflattering way. makes a slender but curvy figure look boxy  rather than enhancing curves. it's a pass. love the blue print  though.
I was excited to see this top  ordered it and was disappointed. it was too tight across the chest and had too much fabric around the bottom. i tried this on 3 times hoping for i had been wrong in previous assessments- no luck.
I love this flattering and comfortable jacket- it has a nice stretch and the color is out of this world. i think it will pack a big punch this fall.
This skirt looks great on  i didn't even think before buying it  planning to wear it all summer. so the aesthetic is great. quality and design  not so much. you get exactly one good wear out of it before the folding absolutely disintegrates  it is not sewn in or built to last.     then  it looks like a cheap sarong over a cheap miniskirt. i thought the dry cleaner might be able to fix it  but they said they would have to resew the whole garment  not exactly what you want to hear with almost bran
I loved this top online and even more when i opened it up. however  the quality of the stitching is poor. where the seam comes together at the hip on both sides  the stitching is very loose and appears to be coming undone. i was bummed and am sending it back today.
This dress was love at first sight.  i did have to size down from my normal size but the dress is so comfortable and cool.  as another reviewer said  it does shrink after first wash but perfect now since i am 5'2".  it shrank about one inch in length only.  i got many compliments and my husband said it was beautiful- that's a plus! i was comfortable and cool all day.  get it before it is out of stock.  this dress will not make it to sale.
I lucked out and found one of these in my local retailer and i absolutely love it. fits well  although  i do think that the sleeves run a tad bit narrow when they are folded up  but i prefer the dress with the sleeves down anyway. fits very true to size. i can't wait to wear this with boots and leggings!
I wanted to love this dress  but it has too many flaws. first  the "waistband" falls right under the bust and the skirt flares out from there. not a flattering silhouette.. second  the fabric is a sickly yellow-beige netting that looks like burlap. third  i can't imagine what kind of bra you can wear under it. on the plus side  the fabric isn't scratchy.
This model looks like a bauble head. she is absolutely too thin and sends the wrong message out to retailer shoppers. this last catalog's models are anorexic and unhealthy looking.    i ordered this shirt hoping it would fit  but it's too small for 34dd. i am tall athletic and have breasts.   i think of my shape as average - and the top didn't fit. it's cut narrow and small.
I had a dress that felt like this in 1993. it jiggles  even if you don't. no amount of spanx can cure a dress jiggling of its own accord. the neckline that i had thought would be classic instead veered into frumpy. all in all i felt like it belonged in a discount store surrounded by polyester brethren.
I was looking for a cross between a light  fall-wool jacket and a cardigan and this is it! the red version looks festive in the winter  and the hood adds a bit of spunk. looks great both open and buttoned. i received many compliments on this the first time i wore it.
The pattern and fabric are lovely  but the sleeves are short (unlike the photo) so it drapes very strangely. i personally could not figure out how to wear it so that it looked anything remotely like the photo. had to return this one.
As usual this dress does not disappoint. looks great with boots and is the perfect day to date dress.
Tried this dress on in the store and could barely button at my chest but the waist and length were perfect. ordered a size up and two sizes up online. went with the two sizes up because it did not pull as bad across the chest  though now it's a bit "blousey" around the waste. fabric is a little thin. similar to other reviews the slip is a little weird/wonky. i'm keeping it because i like the idea of the dress but i'm not sure about the lifespan with how gauzy the material is.
Ref: 5'4"  125# 27/4  32g. i don't think this is for us shorter women. this hits you right where you don't want a vertical line to hit. it flares out at your hip and makes you look shorter than you are. the fabric is like a double gauze and very soft and the colors are beautiful but i couldn't even dream of making this work. i thought maybe with my larger bust it would create shape but it looks like i just wrapped a bunch of fabric around me! glad i tried in-store and didn't online order.
This cardigan/sweater/jacket is splendidly soft  wonderfully warm and super stylish. i wear it with a navy pencil skirt or leggings. this piece will be timeless.
This fit well  but the top was very see through. this never would have worked for me. i'm glad i was able to try it on in the store and didn't order it online. with different fabric  it would have been great.
This product was very disappointing. fabric was thin  it has no shape and hangs like a pajama top. so it's not flattering at all. at $78  it's really overpriced for what it is. it might look good on someone who has the perfect body shape (what wouldn't?)  but they would probably still look like they went out in their pjs. i'm 5'9" and not well-endowed (a b)  so it did nothing for me..  also  the online picture of the moss version looks like it's a grey/black combo. it's not... it is really green
Looks great on the picture but when it arrived it was a great disappointment  both the colors and style. the material seems great quality but it's stiff and scratchy  the style is very boxy  and as another reviewer said  just hung. i'm a brunette and the colors looked terrible on me. back it goes.
I bought navy in my usual size s  and the color and fit are exactly as pictured. very good quality cotton. the pocket can lay funny on the hips but a little adjustments does the trick. i wore this chemise at home and hubby noticed it (never happens)  i wore it to study in coffee shop with boots and scarf and felt comfortable  warm and stylish. great staple  well made and well priced.
The front and back of this square sweater are the same  and the pattern of the stitching makes it look like it's on backwards.the lace would be nice  but it's itchy. and the sweater is cropped  so i think the layered lace look is odd because the whole thing is so short on the body. the 3/4 sleeves make it look small and fitted  but the body shape is bulky. just couldn't get it to work.
Love the wear of these jeans but they run small! designed holes have grown much larger-i don't dryer dry them.
I wanted to love this dress so much so that i ignored earlier reviews and purchased it in two sizes to see if i could make it work. the fabric is gorgeous  but the fit was very unflattering. it's too large on top and hangs awkwardly in both sizes. i considered tailoring to make it work but with this pattern i felt like that would be a compromise. in the end i returned both sizes ast the fabric couldn't compensate for the very unflattering fit.
This dress is gorgeous. i tried it on in the store several weeks ago and loved it  but the cost was a deterrent. when it went on sale  i ordered it immediately. hoping it gets here soon! the fit is wonderful  length perfect  embroidery just beautiful  and quality is excellent. it is versatile  too; easy to dress down with a sweater and boots  and beautiful for a more formal event like a wedding. for fit reference  i am 5'8"  130 lb and ordered size 6 (this was the correct fit in the store). exci
I was hoping to find a slimming and cozy sweater  unfortunately this one was baggy and material was really bulky. one of those occasions where i would have never purchased this in person but online you can't quite tell the style and fit. i returned this item.
This sweater in the neutral beige coloration was exactly what i wanted to rotate through my winter legging/boot rotation with different vests  belts  and scarves...spot on. it is not heavy weight  soft  perfect length for a tunic on a 5'4 frame  34c  125 lb....now the weird part - sleeves were excessively long and seem to have stretched longer after wear??? anyway  hand wash and little to no pilling a plus. i literally roll up the sleeves to wear this tunic and it tends to be bothersome  hence t
This cardigan looked great on line but it is one of the worst things i ever ordered at retailer. the quality is awful and the material feels flimsy and cheap.
This skirt is perfect. i'm a size 10 and i'm 48 years old. i've really been wanting a tulle skirt  but didn't want to look like baby huey in it a bip puffy tutu above my knees. this skirt is indicative of the quality that is bailley 44. the fit is great  the length is perfect. i plan to wear it with a chambray shirt and the burgundy colored obi belt.
Cute design for a casual top. however it was a little snug on the bust for a medium. i returned it
Non-stop compliments! i wear this with dresses at the office  and denim on the weekends- super versatile.  this is one of those pieces that you keep forever.
Got them on sale in blue and love the color! they are flattering and i like the waist and pocketed area bc it is also comfy- waistband and hips are loose but not too loose. tts. i'm 8/10 and took a 29.
Perfect dress for hot  humid  sticky weather.
I work from home so i'm always in search of tops that are comfortable and cute  but don't make me look like i'm waiting for company to arrive. this is a great addition to the wardrobe. super comfortable  it has shrunk slightly with a few launderings  but it's still wearable.
Lovely sweater! it's a new staple in my wardrobe. love the fit and styling  but what drew me in at first sight were the colors. it's warm and cuddly.
What a pity! this blouse has a beautiful design  however it doesn't fit well on the body. it's not really a size problem  it's just not a well fitted blouse. the color is very deceptive  it looks white on the picture  but it's actually pink. i'm probably going to return it.
I loved fabric  print and back detail. design  however  was a little too boxy to be flattering on me. even at great price i sent it back.
I bought this (because it looks beautiful  is well made  and a high quality piece). when i got it home and tried it on  it did not achieve the look i was going for (boho). instead  it was very drapery and full and big and i felt like i was wearing a ghost costume on halloween. i do love retailer's kimonos and thought i'd love this one. but it's going back. i don't need any more clothes in my closet that i do not absolutely love and want to wear again and again. that is my new criteria for purchasi
This garment is beautiful because the fabric has great drape to it. i am probably between a small and xsmall  but ordered the xsmall. it is snug  but i have decided to keep it and can wear a cami underneath  just in case the buttons gap just a little. i am concerned that going up a size with leave the neck area too gaping. it is also a little snug in the elbow area.
True to size  very pretty.  as pictured expect that it is more peachy and not this light.  i like it and will keep it but just be aware that it is not a pale pink as in the picture.
When i received this dress today i was really excited to try it on. it is a pretty dress. looked good in the pictures. however  when i examined it and proceeded to try it on  i was really disappointed. the quality is ok  but not expected for the price paid. and the cut is off. it is extremely small at the top. i am not big by any means( 32d 109lbs  5'0"). the bottom part fit. sadly  not impressed. this one is going back :(
Love these jeans. comfortable fit  doesn't stretch out too much after wearing a few hours. goes with dress up  lazy day or casual tops. my go-to jeans. wish they came in different washes
This is such a unique and beautiful top. it will be a go-to in my closet all year round. the red embroidery is amazing. meant to be a loose fit. i'm 5'7" and 120 lbs and ordered the xs. fits perfectly.
I love this top- it's loose and flowy  yet flattering  and the colors are fun. the armholes are cut a little low  so a cami is necessary. after one wash and lay flat dry  the wrinkling is substantial. hope i can steam it back to its normal shape.
Bought a pair of the gray and loved them  but after i washed them i saw the color was distorted as if bleach from a previous wash was still in the machine.     so i ordered a second pair this one in green - same thing happened after i washed it. looked at instructions (finally!) and it says to wash in cold water - i washed in warm. could that be the problem?     anyway - now they both look like there's discoloration and not a "washed look" that's on purpose.     i'll still wear them  but an expe
This dress is super feminine and pretty  wore to my nephew's birthday party.  fit is spot on - i'm a 34c  5'7"  and 135 and size 4 fit true to size.  my only complaint is that the dress not come with extra beads.  i only wore once and already lost a bead form the bodice.  for this price range  extra beads should be included.
These are very cute leggings. i love the ribbed bottoms. as far as design and comfort  they are a five. but after only two wearings  they are pilling like crazy and look shabby. i'm very happy i only paid $23 for them. if i paid full price  i'd be more upset.
This dress has a unique watercolor-like pattern and design and is silk  but as another reviewer mentioned it is unlined so you probably would want to add your own slip. the side slits come up high  almost to the hip. i am 5'1" and bought the petite xs and it comes all the way down to my toes if i don't wear a belt. if i belt it  the length is more like one would expect from a maxi dress. i am a little puzzled as to where i would wear this because the length and fancy sleeves make it seem more fo
Like the look of this tank  ran a bit larger than expected at the neck but overall happy with the purchase
Not a coat by any means  merely a thin wool boucle like sweater with a cheap thin synthetic lining ---and i also would never want the lining to be seen by anyone if i were to set the sweater on a chair or be helped in putting the thing on. the length and bulk is hard to layer under anything else and isn't pretty enough for a spring coat..sizing is also 2 sizes larger than anticipated.
I so wanted to love this top. i ordered the "blue"  which is blue and orange. i thought the orange would be brighter  it is not. it is a dull color. also  i'm usually a medium  this top fits fine on my shoulders/bust 34c  but it was huge around the waist  making me look a lot larger. if this top were a bit smaller around the waist  i would keep it  but it is going back.
I found this dress to be beautiful. only down side? you'd need to size up two sizes if you have any breasts or butt. i'm usually size s/m in maeve. i bought this in l and looked like a stuffed sausage. i'm 5'1"  140lbs  36d  39" hips. i'd need an xl.
I purchased this in the cream/beige color and love that it will go with everything. i can add details with long necklace or scarf-even a belt but it also stands alone and looks great with leggings or skinny jeans. i would also wear with a neutral skirt as shown on model. the fabric is not too thin and with a bit of cashmere will also add some warmth. it may shed some depending if you wear a nylon cami underneath. i purchased the xs  my usual size and fits great. 5'8-slender. love my purchase!
I've been on the hunt for the perfect dress to wear for my daughter's first birthday party. since we are throwing a traditional korean first birthday  i was looking for a dress you might wear to a daytime wedding or a fancy brunch. i just purchased this dress today in the store and it fits my needs perfectly.     i disagree with the first reviewer who mentioned that this dress was too sheer. this dress is a thicker fabric so i do not think i will need a slip when wearing it. it does drape nicely
I needed a modest dress with sleeves for a few events  and when this went on sale  i thought it might fit the bill. it does  and at under $30  it was a no-brainer flattering fit  attractive  tts  and the gathers over the middle hide my mommy tummy. i like that i can wear a normal bra with it  too. i can see what other reviewers are saying about the weird feel of the fabric  but it doesn't bother me. this dress will work well for evening and winter events and i'm glad it's in my closet.
I love this skirt and was so happy to see it in stores again in a great color for the fall. the fit is great for me because i do not have a flat stomach and the elastic makes it comfortable to wear. the material is a good quality. this skirt adds the perfect pop of color to my closet.
This dress was beautiful in person and the blue is almost electric in color. i wanted to wear this to a party for a club i belong to  however the bust on the dress is to big. i'm 5 ft tall and 115 lbs with 32b bra size. i got the 2p as i was worried about it being to tight. it fit perfect except for the bust. the way the top is cut and the black sheer fabric allows part of the bra to show in the cleavage area. not worth they one to have it altered. will return. sad because it's a fun dress to tw
The shirt is a little roomy but so flattering. the design with little see through holes across the shirt are unusual and make it unique.
This blouse is gorgeous on i purchased at my local store i noticed it was $29.99 + 30% = $21.00 omg it's so nice on it's soft and comfortable and the gold threading make it sunning it does run a little small in the chest area
Such a beautiful top  i understand why other reviews suggested wearing it out. personal i love pretty sleepwear  so i will be wearing this and matching shorts to bed. i ordered a small in both and they seem to run true to size. i am 130lbs and 5'5". my regular size is small or a size 4. i love the embroidery and the pink!
I was thinking this would be a straight up terry cloth athleisure top  but the subtle metallic thread woven into the cloud gray fabric elevates the style. really loved the top because of the cut and interesting hemline  but i adore it for the bit of sparkle.
I could live in these. they are so comfy. i typically wear a 6 and got the medium. they are a little roomy. probably could have gotten a small..but i like them kinda loose and baggy. i will probably purchase another color!
I bought this because i loved it online but in person there is another level to the shirt that i did notice in another picture. i didn't like the second level on me since i am a shorter person. just didn't fit my body quite right.
Perfect top! the color is absolutely beautiful and the fit is better than i imagined it would be! love!!!
I wish this fit more to the body  it really does flare out a lot a adding volume to the person wearing it. the mustard color is beautiful  so is the pink (i ordered both to compare). but the 00 was still big on me (and p). so i passed.  fabric is light for summer  so if you are thin  not muscular  perhaps that would look great?
I was looking for an oversized silhouette but this is more like a beach cover-up. the waist does not have elastic or any structure. the top fabric is crossed over but not sewn closed  and because the fit is so loose it just gaps open. the fabric is nice quality but i am returning.
I got a m in this top and was a little scared but i absolutly love this top  i was debating on it and then caught it on the 30% off sale  my first retailer purchase and it definitely won't be my last! great quality  so comfortable  and very cute!
This shirt is so cute. very casual. looks and fits exactly like the model and a basic retailer fit around the waist.
Like the other reviewer said it&#39;s hard to get on and i had to size down like i often do at retailer. but it&#39;s so pretty and it&#39;s not too short like most rompers. we host thanksgiving every year and i&#39;m so excited to find an alternative to a dress/pants so i can work &amp; cook in style.
I am 5'6" and wear a medium. i ordered an 8 and a 10 and am keeping the 10  which is a little large but  importantly  is a full 2 inches longer than the 8. this is important to me because several of my casual pants begin a couple of inches below the waist and  as noted by another reviewer  and as is evident on the model  the top hits just below the waist. also  it is cotton/linen and may shrink (since it is ivory  i assume it will see a few washings). i don't want to worry about the "gap"  but i
I kept going back to this sweater as this goes with so many different bottoms! thank you retailer! i ordered the petite version since i am not as tall as the model so the length is perfect! the speckles of gray are beautiful and would frame any complexion! the fit if flattering with straight pants or short skirts.
I really wanted to like this dress  but where the skirt meets the top of the dress in the back creates sort of a hunchback effect in the back. will be returning.
The first time i wore it  felt wonderful. had it cleaned and then the back end stated pilling. very disappointed with the price and quality. wish i could return for my money back. sad
I love tunics and really wanted this to work. i got this in a size s and it is absolutely gigantic. everything else about it is great  and i still haven't decided if i will try to swap it for an xs  which is definitely not my usual size (which is usually m  but often s at retailer). the pink/red color was quite pretty. if you have broad hips  fear not - you can size down and this top will still be generous around your hips. basically  if you're deliberating between s and m for this top  get
Long  thin  tunic.  perfect over leggings  great for casual day but look pulled together.
The skirt is comfortable and as pictured. it also ran tts. i'm 5'5" tall and weigh 140 lbs. i had the medium and didn't need to size up to a large. when you put the skirt on a normal body  it looks like you are wearing an easter egg... and not in a good way.
Absolutely loved this top but after i washed it the underside color ran at the stitching. it is all white on the outside but at the bottom hem it has a really cool 1" lining in a mustard color. i did a cold water wash and flat to dry. i noticed around the stitching at the bottom the mustard color has bled through just at the area of the mustard color stitching.     i am so disappointed b/c i loved this top.
I took this too to the register thinking it was marked down to same price as another tee by the same brand. it wasn't so i ended up paying way too much for a thin tee. will probably return.
I would have kept this dress if it weren't for the giant arm holes and reveal my entire bra on both sides. other than that  it looks just like it does on the model and is a nice  substantial material.
Just got these and love them. the blue color is a great bright shade without being too crazy and they fit well. i'm 5'7" 138# straight build and ordered 27 (true to size for me.) they have loosened up throughout the day and the waist and hips are a bit baggy now but i like that they're not ultra-tight. nice light fabric for the summer.
Really loved this dress online and was excited to try it out. when it arrived it was heavy & bulky in the package which didn't bode well. taking it out of the bag  i was surprised at how heavy & thick it was. the picture really looks like it would be a flowy  grecian dress to throw on during a hot summer day ? but in the reality you might drown in sweat. the interior linings promised absolutely no breathing fabric.    wanted to love this as the style is very cute but was disappointed by the mate
It's easy to miss the fine details that make this top special.the fabric inset around the collar & front placket is an abstract blossoming spring branch print overlaid with 3d decorative embroidery and clear sequins & is trimmed with a delicate lace. the sequins are eye-catching in a very subtle  shimmery way.    beautiful under a sweater  love the top's double layer look  fits tts  not too sheer.     you might have to wear a strapless bra or do without one altogether because of the neckline and
I'm 5'2 and bought the dress in a petite medium. i like to buy clothes that i can wear to work and this dress was almost too short. if it were any shorter  it wouldn't have worked. if i were to buy it again  i'd probably go with a non-petite size. also  i ordered the dress online and i found two snags in it as soon as i pulled it out of the box. i don't think they will be terribly noticeable  but just beware that this dress will apparently snag easily. i plan to wear it with a purse without meta
I love this dress  the print is beautiful  the fabric has a nice heavy drape and the cut is simple but unique. i'm short and curvy so generally shapeless dresses don't work on me  this is an exception.    i ordered the regular instead of the petite and it is full length on me  which i think i like more than if it were a midi.    the armholes do cut in  i wasn't sure if i liked that until i sized down and it fit closer.    my husband chuckled that it's a little mrs. roper... i don't care  i'm wea
Wanted to like this type. cute print. something about the width and length of this top didn't work on me. was a little boxy. i'm 5'4  135lbs  size xs-s. might be cuter on different body type  i'm hourglass and athletic.
This was what i was looking for ! the little stripes  black and white color the shape of the jacket and skirt together....well perfect. kind of. i purchased this entire ensemble. the skirt was going to be shortened because well i'm short. no problem  this is a common occurrence for me. but the jacket would not work for me. the sleeves were way too tight for my muscular arms. there was no way the adorable shirt would fit in there. the shirt is adorable by the way. all of these pieces are made ver
This is a soft  light sweater that will take you through fall. i got the raspberry  which seems more like a cinnamon color to me. the design is really cute with the fabric inset in the back. i got three of these in different colors so obviously i really like them for layering and can recommend them! it seems tts. i am 5'5" and 140 lbs. medium is perfect.
Adorable & unique swtr & wld go w/ many things. note that 1 front pocket is slightly higher than the other. looks that way in the pic too. it's the "retailer unique touch". i don't mind abt that. it's too itchy for me. i ordered the sp to have shorter arms-fell just above my knuckles which is fine. i have many t-necks to wear under it but i decided i really didn't need another itchy swtr  so returned. no worry  retailer has plenty of other items of interest!
This will be a great summer staple.  good fit and very comfortable.  may go back and buy another color
I was looking for a basic tee  but this one was just ok...the quality is okay  but it us not as soft as i would have liked. unfortunately   i will be returning this item.
I'm always weary of v necks but this shirt is great. the fit is true to size and while it is a v neck  it's not such a deep plunge that you need a cami underneath. great material too and perfect for dressing up a bit. i bought the blue color and love it!
This vest goes with literally everything. it is the perfect amount of added warmth - though it's a bit hard to fit under a coat. the only thing i will say negatively about it is that it seems to shed on the inside a bit... but otherwise the quality  color  and length are perfect. and i love the pockets!
The fabric on this tee is a very very soft thin cotton knit. it's perfect for those hot  muggy summers esp. in the southern area of the us.     the sizing runs larger. i am normally an xl and because of the other reviews saying it ran big  i got this in a l. and  it fits me fine  and there's room to spare. so  if you are a size 16 or 18  this will fit in a l nicely.    it's thin but i don't think it's immodest or too sheer. a white or beige bra would not show through this easily at all. the leng
Fits well and appropriate for work or going out! love the pop of red in the beads! could easily be worn with a jacket well into fall! i typically wear a 6 and a small fit perfectly. not too short- but hits above the knee! this will get lots of wear!
These look nothing like the picture! they are super high-waisted & longer than they look in this picture. i felt as if i was wearing a pair of jeans from the 90's that just fit terribly. i thought they were going to be a pair of cropped wide legs & they are far from it. the color was also much lighter than shown in picture. super unflattering & just not for me. they're going back...
This is the first hd in paris top i haven't loved. high hopes for this top since i love the brand and the color. this was an online only item so i guessed at the size  typically order a 4 petite. ordered the 4 regular since the length was already quite short in the regular length. it was oddly constructed  small in the arms but boxy and oddly bell shaped bottom. the lining was tough to keep straightened while trying to put it on. too bad  but it went back
Other reviews are correct. but this has potential to look as good as on the model - structure and quality of the cotton are very flattering. makes legs look miles long. however this fits very tight  allows no room for extra tummy  hips  booty  or thighs. i ordered a s (i'm usually a 4) - was able to get it on (step into it from the top)  but felt a little self conscious about how tight the fit was. if there was an m  would have definitely sized up  as i really liked the look.
These leggings are some of the softest i own. i ordered both the black and the moss and each has a distinct pattern. they are perfect for colder climates and fit me like a glove.
Flattering! i love how it looks like a maxi dress.  fits me perfectly!
I saw this vest at my local retailer store over the weekend and decided to try it on. i am typically an xs at retailer and the xs fit perfectly. i can't wait to wear this during the spring and summer. it's really lightweight and soft which i love. i purchased the copper color  and would consider the color in the photo to be very true. this was definitely a splurge  but i am overall very happy with my purchase. i highly recommend it!
This top is very cute! however  it runs quite large. i ordered my usual size - xs but it looked rather heavy on me. the construction of the top was boxy and didn't produce the same feminine look as it does on the modeled picture. it's a very cute design but i would order a size down for a better fit.
Very nice top  fits true to size  a little short buy looks nice with jeans or work pants
This top is has an awkward neckline  doesn't lay like the photo (as mentioned by another reviewer.) see threw  and of poor quality. the fit is very baggy and unflattering. and material is very thin. it also runs very large!! the color is pretty  but that is it :(
I purchased this and another eva franco dress during retailer's recent 20% off sale. i was looking for dresses that were work appropriate  but that would also transition well to happy hour or date night. they both seemed to be just what i was looking for. i ordered a 4 regular and a 6 regular  as i am usually in between sizes. the 4 was definitely too small. the 6 fit  technically  but was very ill fitting. not only is the dress itself short  but it is very short-waisted. i am only 5'3"  but it fe
I was excited to order this sweater. when it arrived  the green didn't stand out as much as the picture here. it also felt too itchy. i usually wear either very soft wool or wool with cashmere because i can't stand plain thick heavy wool. this one was just too itchy for me  it is going back.
I am consistently a size 27 in pilcro jeans and these are no exception. these are more ankle length than cropped on me as i am 5'3" but i still love them. i found them to be true to size. because they don't have much stretch  they are a little snug in the thigh at first but the denim gives a bit throughout the day. the shorter length with the little flare is so versatile - they look great with a dressy top and heels and just as good with a cozy sweater and flat chelsea boots. love pilcro!!!
I tried this on in store after falling in love with it on the rack. the dress is beautifully designed and has elegant  subtle features. i am normally a 2-4 in retailer dresses  but the 0 was the closest fit on me. unfortunately  this dress fit very strangely. the waist on the dress was way above my actual waist  which was unusual given i have a very short torso. it also had a strange fold right around my belly button  which was very distracting. i'll put this all down to my extremely straight and
On the advice of other reviewers i purchased the m/l in this item. boy was i happy i did. i am normally a size 6-8 and because of the sheerness issue mentioned by another reviewer i purchased the larger size. they are still sheer in the rear end. you must wear a tunic or longer shirt/skirt with these. if you are hanging around the house it is not too bad. these are very comfortable and feel great while wearing. the color is great and the look is good. they are really long when you remove them fr
Agree with previous reviewer. i am usually an xs p in this brand (5'3" 115 lbs) but i could not get the internal slip over my head. the chest area was fitted (i am a 32b) but then the skirt was very full and loose. i could have cut out the slip  but worried it would be see through and just not worth it at full price.
I liked this sweater in the picture but was less impressed when i saw it in the store. it looked a bit odd and perhaps cheap to me. still i decided to leave it on my wish list and got it as a christmas gift. once i tried it on  i really liked the way it looked and felt! it's flattering  comfortable and looks great with jeans! it's really cozy! i rated it tts but you could almost size down on it.
I noticed this top on one of the sales associates  and it looked great. she's probably 230lbs and about 5'5.  tried it on and it looked horrible  i even tried sizing down twice. i'm 5'8" and the ruffles started right under my chest. i gave 2 stars bc of the material  it is light  and summery.
I ordered a small  but it was way to big. it was very soft.
I was so excited when this dress went on sale.  it is very soft and the print is so distinctive.  it is super comfy but not slimming or flattering at all.  i am a curvy girl   wear a medium 8/10 and this made me look so wide!  the skirt is quit full   a small would have fit but the top was tight.  so disappointing.
Great material  creative design... luckily i am small-busted and will be able to get away with nothing underneath. the closure/knotting on back is innovative. a sexy jumper
I ordered this dress in a size 6. for reference i am 5'7"  145 lbs. i love it! the fit is perfect. unlike other reviews  i was aware the hem was unfinished  and i like the look. the top part does not seem to short. the style  to me is kinda retro. i wore the dress with flip-flops and a large chunky necklace. i received lot's of compliments  it is my favorite dress right now!
I didn't love it enough to buy it  but did think it was cute. i am wearing a medium in the photos and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40.
I love this brand  i literally live in their tops.. this one is a bit of a disappointment. it is made out of fabric that feels cheap  reminding me of a tissue tee instead of the normal thicker quality of all their other products. it's very thin  and see through. unless wearing a camisole/slip underneath  you have to have the perfect bra and pants situation going on underneath- no muffin tops or back fat!!i got the black  and am keeping it only because i love the design  need a black top desperat
I ordered this top online during the mother's day sale  thinking i had found the perfect white staple tank i wanted for summer. i had this top on for barely five seconds before i knew it was going straight back. the quality of the fabric and the overall design are both very good. but the problem is that the top comes with an under-layer up top. this is normally a good thing; extra coverage in a sumer top generally means you ca go braless. the problem is that the top layer of the shirt is so shee
I want to love this top - it is so pretty  but i find the fit very odd. i think it runs big  but the arm holes seem to be cut really low. i would love to size down  but then i think the sleeves would be off. unfortunately  i will have to return it.
I should have read the reviews first before ordering this top/!. ***buyers beware**: you will not get the same top delivered to you  as is shown in this picture. the top i got delivered does not have the little straps at all  and while there is a bow in the back  the back sides do not come together the same to form the bow. i hate to write a bad review  but come on retailer! i'd never expect this from you. it looks like any other peplum white top  not something special like the picture is o
Beautiful  well made and styled dress. perfect for company christmas parties where you want to look nice but not show too much cleavage. i wear it with a cameo brooch.
I sat on the fence almost too long on this piece and finally ordered one when it popped up as a return...so happy imwas able to snag it. it is incredible. i put it with my favorite closed jeans and chanel work boots and wow! i also have tried belting it where the fur begins and that looks equally fabulous. imput true to size as it is suppose to be roomy  to many people ruin styles by trying to get them to fit in a way they were not meant to...embrace the uniqueness of this piece and roder true t
I saw this dress online and immediately fell in love with the bow design. purchased my typical size 4 but found it way too tight. i went to my local retailer to exchange it for the size 6. unfortunately  even the size 6 just did not fit right. moving around in the dress was challenging; the slightest shoulder/arm movement made the dress ride up. i was constantly pulling it down. the fabric is also quite stiff and heavy. overall  it's a cute dress but just not for me.
I love this sweater  it's so soft  and it seems to mold to my body more every time i wear it. it runs true to size  but i have noticed that as i wear it more and more  it seems to stretch a little. overall  i am very happy with it and would definitely recommend it!
At 5'4" and 140 lbs  this tank is a nice thin under layer. a little low cut for trying to cover cleavage.
Flowy boho tank. great details. good fabric. wear under a long cardigan or with a pair of denim cut offs and a necklace. oversized fit. i would size down one size.
I love the dress as shown in the photo. thankfully i had a chance to see the dress in the store. it is sheer. can see thru it. can not wear this to work.
This dress is beautiful. the fabric is light weight but textured and interesting  and the purple is gorgeous. the soft pink was a bit more orange than i expected  but not a deal breaker. the problem i had with the dress was fit around the arms. i sized up and was glad that i did because it runs small up top  but because the straps come in a bit around the arm holes  it creates armpit fat  which is not a problem i usually have. i could wear the dress with a sweater  but you wouldn't be able to se
The material is cheap and looks torn. not as nice as the picture.
All the colors are beautiful  the white is a true white. i got the gray one. it runs large  so i would recommend sizing down  unless you plan on layering using thicker fabrics underneath.
I am returning. i really liked the appearance in the photo and i love aqua  but the biggest problem for me is the shape. it's pretty boxy and it's hard to tell from the photo  but it has a batwing shape. i also wish the lighter portion were more ivory (less yellow in it)  but that's based on what looks better against my skin tone. i found it to run true to size  but i thought it was unflattering (made me look wide).
I really wanted this to work. the embroidery detail is very pretty. however  the inside of the sweatshirt is a bit scratchy from the embroidery so i would recommend wearing a cami or tank. the sweatshirt is also on the short size. the small hit the top of my jean waist. in the end  i decided to return it:(
I liked this sweater's design  i like tunics. the sweater is a light weight knit.the sleeves are long. i got the green  which is lighter than the picture. the slit on sides go up about 18 inches from the bottom. the sweater is comfy  but a shirt is needed under or your "love handles "will be showing  if you have them. i also ordered the cream color  but it was more brownish than white  so i returned it.
The quality of this shirt is great and the colors are pretty. it just made me look super wide. i feel like the waist is too high - not quite empire and not quite at the waist. it just wasn't going to work for my body. maybe a different size would work but i don't like it enough to try.
I disagree with other reviewers on this. it looks a lot better in picture on the model. i found it to run large and not fit in the most flattering way. fabric feels great. i want to love it but it is going back.
I love the color of this cardigan and the cashmere is very soft. i love the detail in the stitching and how the zipper is covered. i do wish it were a bit longer but it's definitely a keeper.
I ordered these because i loved the wide cut and overall look. but returned them because they fit weird. too tight around the too high waistline (and normally  i like a high waistline). fit ran small. and the overall quality of the fabric wasn't as nice as i was hoping for. pretty disappointed.
A swing top by tiny done right. this is a well made top that fits in all the right places  no gapping arm pit! the fabric has a design in it and i think this is a blouse that can be worn all year. the blouse does run large and depending on the chest size  you may have to go down two sizes. i went for the large at first just because swing tops are so short but realized i would need a medium and the length was still perfect. it did not flare out to where you looked like an expectant mother.
Beautifully fitting. simple and flattering. i am an athletic size 8/10. the 10 fits well but the straps may have to be taken in a little.
Drawn to the colors  i tried on the top in my regular size m. fyi: 36c  broad shoulders/back  short waist  size 10/12 or l in fitted tops  this top is a cropped  even for my short-waisted body. i would have to wear a cami under. this is not just because of the cropped length (top rides up w/ any movement)  but the burn-out velvet is quite sheer. the top is full  so it easily exposes with any movement. the back of slides up  too. the quality is an issue  with exposed threads and irregular seams.
I love the fit of these pants -- they're the perfect slim black pants. however  i wore these pants exactly three times before the seams split the middle of the pant in not just one  but multiple places. disappointed by the workmanship/quality of the product  especially since the pants fit amazingly and don't sag like other slim fitting black pants tend to do. i hope retailer will take this into consideration and improve the quality of future iterations of this product.
I ordered the navy in size xl and it fits me just as it does the model. this top is definitely one of my favorite retailer purchases. the cut is very flattering. i love how they designed the tunic to have a closer fit on top  the arms and through the top of the waist and then flow out. i'm a pear-shape and worried the bottom layer might accent my hips  but it all flows really nicely. the arms aren't tight. they're not loose but aren't too poofy.  the material washed well too  without static (a pro
Love these crops. fitted through hips with full legs. at 5'7 and 125  the 27 fit perfect. these look great with block heels and wedges. denim is lightweight  perfect for fall.
I love this blouse. the color is so pretty! i might even wear this to a holiday party. the tie looks great so many ways--love the versatility. i think i will get a lot of wear out of this blouse--with a pencil skirt  jeans or under a blazer.
I'm always searching for a "dressed up tees" and these were fabulous! true to size and great quality!
I agree that the color in the picture online is lighter but i bought it from the store and really like that it isn't just another off-white sweater. it fits true to size and i love the quality. it is really beautiful!
I really love this shirt! i ordered the orange and am considering getting the other color too. it's very comfortable and cute. i got a lot of compliments when i wore it. this shirt definitely runs large and i had to exchange the medium for a small. the looser cut makes it very easy for this to look like a maternity shirt  so i'd advise everyone to size down.
Fits perfect!
I wore out a pair of level 99 shorts a couple of years ago. ordered these in the same size and they are huge. so i am sending them in for exchange and hope i'm guessing right. linen and tencel are my two favorite summer fabrics. love the length which can be adjusted by rolling. good pockets. gorgeous somewhat dusty plum color. belt loops if needed though i rather hope they're not.
I bought three of these tees. i kept the turquoise one only though. the color was pretty - a little drab but not too bad.      i love the style.  the fabric is so soft and the one i wore was super comfy. the sleeves are cute without being too dramatic (like the ruffle sleeve tee - the sleeves were kind of ridiculous on me)     now - the cons - the colors are pretty drab. i normally look better in more vibrant colors. the "red" i bought made me look like a corpse. it's not pretty at all. can't re
The material looked much nicer in the online picture. also- there are pockets which added a bulk to it that was not flattering on me.
I recently purchased this cardigan and got so many compliments the first day i wore it.  the detail is so exquisite  it will be worth every penny.
Loved the one i had in white so much i ordered the green - such a beautiful piece! size seems true to size  and it elevates anything you wear it with; skirt  jeans  shorts....if you are on the fence  jump- you won't be disappointed.
Such a fun jacket! great to wear in the spring or to the office as an alternative to a formal blazer. very comfortable!
Love this blouse  however upon every time i wear it  a new button pops off. i have had to replace every button!
Very small! so disappointed! they did not even have a size for me to exchange a day later when they arrived!
3 tags - one quite huge (about 2'' by 3'') - very itchy. so i cut out the tags and they are sewn with some kind of hard poky plasticy thread - now even more itchy! i will have to wear these inside out.
I'm so glad i saw this in the store  as the online photo does not do it justice. it's elegant  detailed  and a beautiful shade of pink. it has a little silver sparkle which makes it perfect for a casual party when you want to opt out of the traditional holiday colors.
Walked in intending to purchase another jacket and ended up leaving with this one. the color is advertised as grey  but it's actually more like a light mocha. the slightly darker fabric on the side and around the waist accentuated my curves and i believe it would help give the illusion of an hourglass figure to those who are more straight and slender. i generally wear a size 12 and m or l size tops depending on the designer. i purchased the l in this case because that's all that was available at
Although this is not my husband''s favorite (he prefers things a little more tailored). i absolutely adore this! i got this in the ivory/cream color not realizing they had it in two more colors. i just ordered the blue. i loved the way the size small fit (not as wide)  but the medium for my height (5'7") fit better and was longer. if i want to wear it as a dress  i could. i highly recommend this!! well made and looks great!!!
I found this skirt on the sale rack and apparently miss marked and i did not try it on. when i got home i tried it on to find it has this open flap in the front with a very short slip. the color is a dark navy. i love the brand because they claim on the label to be made in the usa  which is something i prefer. i am still on the fence about this skirt thinking maybe i would bring it to the tailor to see if the panel can be stitched to the faux leather material half way down to eliminate this full
I was so bummed by this dress! i had high hopes when i ordered it  but was surprised by the poor quality and cheap materials when it arrived. the body of the dress is unlined fleece material -- it reminded me of material that they make cheap halloween costumes out of. i found the fit baggy and unflattering.  the "shawl" portion is only attached at the very top of the shoulders   very disappointed. i already returned this.
I purchased this dress before reading any of the reviews. i ended up reading them the day the dress was to arrive---and they worried me  since i was so excited for this dress! i put it on and i feel like it is not much different from the photo here online. it is meant to be roomy. it is more fitted on top  and the back is cute to give it some shape too. but it is meant to be loose fitting. i personally love it. i have added a belt to give it more shape when i want  worn it on its own  or with a
This top would be great if it were longer and the neck wasn't so open. even for a boatneck  the neck was too wide. for those that don't mind showing their stomachs this top will be okay. the material is nice and stretchy and i like the stripes but just way too short for me.
Love this tank! so easy to throw on quickly and still look out together!
Perhaps i have gotten too used to flowy shirts  or the cut of this was not right for me  but it felt too fitted around the rear end and the shoulders didn't lay right on me. sizing up would have only made it too big in the shoulders so i returned. i am 5'5"  135lbs  34c  curvy/muscular frame and ordered a size small.
Well made. made my hips looks giant. just not my style unfortunately. i'd have to work at preschool or on a ship to pull this off. i'm 5'3 120-123lbssize 6-8. i got the size 6 (not petite cuz they were sold out).
These legging are adorable. i love that i was able to get them in a petite size and the detailing of these pants are awesome. the buttons at the ankle are cute. i truly feel these leggings are worth the price i paid for them because normally i don't like to spend so much on leggings.
I like having lightweight summer pajamas  and these are perfect. the print is so much cuter in person and the fabric is wonderfully silky. the pants themselves seemed to run a little bit small. i ordered them in xs and s and ended up keeping the small. overall a great purchase.
This dress looks cute online  but it is enormous. i bought a small  but it looked more like a 3x plus size. i tried it on  just in case  and honestly it looked like a great dress for a clown. this dress must have had two feet of fabric pinned behind the model in the photo.
Unfortunately  this is a lot more boxy in person than it shows on the model. it hung on me like a potato sack. also  the color isn't the rich red it shows but more of an orangey rust.
This is not your traditional moth sweater  in that  it is not soft and cozy. this sweater is great for upcoming summer nights at the beach while fireside or out on the boat! i haven't been the biggest fan of the lace up trend but this one is more traditional nautical feeling than others which i did like. it's pretty true to size  so i wouldnt size up or down for any reason. they paired it with a cloth + stone white button down underneath at our store and it looks great layered too!
This suit is absolutely gorgeous but it really will only fit a very short waisted gal. it fit perfectly in the body and in the bust but just was not long enough for me to lift my arms up and my size c cup boobs to not pop out. i was very sad to return it :( i am a size 8 with c cup boobs and ordered it in a medium
The top is a pretty and has a nice pattern. it does run large and is it a bit billowy. i am 5'4 petite and ordered a small ( maybe the xs would have been better). however  the top swallowed me up and was unflattering. the colors are true to the picture..not very bright  but would be a nice transition to fall top.  the feel of the blouse was nice and maybe if i was taller and ordered a smaller size it would have been better.
Ag jeans have been a main stay for me. they are the most comfortable and best looking jeans on my body. however this pair was too tight and shorter then i liked. the fabric and color is beautiful. i wear the same size for ag no matter the design. but this one ran too small. i have to return it. i will try the next size up if they still have them.
I like this shirt. it's quite lovely. i ordered it in mint. it's nice to have a dressy t-shirt.
I love design of this top! it will look beautiful on many body types. the black material is thin  and for my personal level of comfort i will definitely wear a cami under. the details are gorgeous and the neutral colors easy to combine with casual or dressy bottoms. the top ran true to size for me.
I purchased the raspberry color and it is beautiful. even though the sweater is very long and covers your bottom  it is surprisingly flattering. great with the booties or boots and skinny jeans. i am 34  30  37 and purchased a size small which  fits perfectly.
The tops looks fitted on the model because she pressed her arms against the clothes. to my surprise   the tops actually is very very very r o o m y below the chest area.  the appliques/laces on the front are made of low quality materials.
This dress is so much prettier in person - the pattern is unique  adorable and not over-powering. i'm an xxs petite and i can wear the dress with flats. (5ft) i think this is versatile enough to wear to work  party or a casual wedding. the fit is perfect - hugs at the correct spots. the fabric feels really soft and silky and feels a bit heavy which allows it to drape nicely. overall - i love it.
This skirt is really beautiful but i agree with the other reviewers; it runs very small. i'm typically an 8 or 10. if i get a 10  there is usually a bit of room in the item. i decided to get a 10 in this skirt  just in case. i got it zipped but would have trouble breathing as the evening wore on. the pockets are wonderful and the fabric is weighty and really lovely.
I am a pretty curvy girl and thought the m/l was gigantic. i returned and was afraid to exchange for the smaller size thinking it would pbly be very large as well. it was not flattering because it was so boxy.
This is a very pretty color. loved the flow and the length of this top. however the neck hole seemed too small for the top. all the embroidering is at the neck and makes that part very stiff. going back
Best jeans! fit is amazing! buy them; you won't regret it!
I love a crisp white poplin blouse and this top is perfect in that role. i am between a small and medium in retailer tops. because this top looked a little bell in the model photos  i decided to order a 6. it was a bit snug across the chest. for reference  i am a 34c. i returned it for the 8 and it fit perfect. i'm not sure why this top was offered during the winter because it will likely hang in my closet until april. highly recommend this blouse for summer.
Not a pretty blouse - it's quite utilitarian in design - and it runs enormous.
I was so excited to get this top..but it's boxy and a little itchy from the design. i just didn't think it was worth the hefty price. i'm normally a small in retailer clothing
I would never had bought this top if i hadn't seen it previously in the store. the look in the picture is not flattering at all (too frumpy with the wide pants). the many details work well with pastel tones. very bohemian look so make sure you balance that with modern bottoms and edgy shoes. might be a problem washing it because all of the details: mini pearls and golden thread but you got to do what you got to do...
I love the idea of this top and ordered it in white. it is a great design and proportion is nice with jeans. the front is off white t shirt material with a pocket and the back is a light grey heathered panel. i am returning it as it is very thin and the quality is cheap looking. if the grade of material had been a bit thicker and better made  then it would have been a winner!
This is the most beautiful dress i've ever owned. the detail is exquisite. i never write reviews and felt i had to for this dress. i love it!  the embroidery does catch on the beading so you have to handle it carefully. it's worth the special treatment  though!
Was drawn to this dress in the store. my location had it displayed well (one mannequin with the dress & a jean jacket...another with the faux fur cardigan). the dress is a very vibrant red. but the fit is not for me. i am busty (34c) with a short torso  and the dress made me look like dolly pardon on top. but there was a lot of room on the bottom. i tried on a size 6 and felt like i needed a size larger on the top and a size smaller on the bottom. having said that  the material is a very good qu
I tried the b&w one in the store. liked the look and feel of it. fabric is soft and comfortable. for reference  i'm 5'4" and 115 lbs. this dress runs large. size 0 was too big on me - armhole  waist  length  etc. i'm ordering 0p online  hoping it will fit better. not a huge fan of the black belt  otherwise very happy with the dress.
I do like the shape of this piece.  it is eye catching due to the length and flattering.  however  if you are chesty  this piece shows off more than i was comfy with  and i don't think i've ever had that problem with retailer.  in the body  i needed an xs or i would be swimming in it.  but up top  the xs showed much too much cleavage.  (34d  5'  115).  i'm still keeping it but i have to watch where i wear this.
I love this jumpsuit! i ordered it unsure  but i am so glad i did! it is super comfy and fit perfectly. i loved the length...can dress up or down. it is super flattering as well as i am curvy on the bottom and was told i looked "trim". my mom  friends  and complete strangers complimented me when i wore this...and that's when you know you scored.
Nice color and great work but runs little large.
Love this top!!  great colors and fits great  reasonably priced
While these seem like interesting designs which i applaud!  the execution in the design of the fabric is not appealing.
The picture doesn't do these justice! they are beautiful and a must-have for summer date nights. i am 5'2 and hover between 115-120. i tried on the regular size in-store and they were way too long. so i ordered the xs petite and they fit perfectly! i like to pair them with a flowy top that hangs over the waist band. (not styled like the pic). they literally feel like you are wearing nothing. you'll receive so many compliments - trust me!
I absolutely love everything about this top! i got compliments the first time i wore it. i do not find the fabric to be sheer at all  but perfectly lightweight for the heat of summer. the neckline and sleeves seem tailor-fitted for my body. i don't often think much about sleeves but these sleeves are the perfect length/shape to be incredibly flattering. they're in a sweet spot somewhere in between a cap sleeve and regular-length. the neckline is equally perfect and hugs my curves beautifully wit
The top is totally see through and fabric some what itchy.  it also feels cheap to the touch.  i love the idea but can't keep it for this price...i'm a shorty so i'd have to hem it too! sadly will return.
I knew from previous pilcro purchases to size down. went down 2 sizes and they fit perfect. this dark wash doesn't have as much stretch as some do which i prefer because they stay up all day.
I was really disappointed when i tried this top on. the design and cut of the neckline is very bulky and just off. the cut of the top overall was just off.
I really loved the idea of this dress and thought it may be perfect for work with a pair of wedges. but  the first thing that set me off was the color and the material. the color is more street sign yellow than a soft  warm yellow. the fabric is a thin  sheet like fabric that makes the yellow look even cheaper. i was anticipating a thicker shirt-like fabric. when i tried it on  i liked the idea  but the material and the color made me feel like i was wearing costume...or a parachute. i will defin
I got fooled by this dress's description. it's 100% polyester and not wool as it claims to be! looks cheap.returned it!
1. i'm 5'5" tall  145 lbs  and 38-32-40. i'm normally a size 10  but i sized up to a size 12 in this skirt and while it fit fine in the waist  it was just too snug across the hips.  2. the fabric is heavy weight  and i agree that the zipper should be longer.  3. the length is a bit long and dowdy for a pencil skirt. it's very straight. it does not taper like pencil skirts normally do.  4. i would have kept this if it fit a curvier figure.
This vest doesn't have a button  so i thought i could put my own. but when it arrived  it just didn't fit that well. the opening in the front is too big  the vest itself while nice and warm is not functional at all due to openings everywhere. i don't know  why even make a vest like this with no front button and such a wide opening  how is one supposed to keep warm at all?
This shirt seemed to run really small  especially in the chest. i'm debating exchanging for a new size bc this was really cute but i'm not sure if i need to go up 1 or 2 sizes it was so tight
Am typically a size 0 and could barely get the extra small on  which is a first. was very cute in theory  but i'd suggest sizing up (maybe 2x).
Had to return this for a couple of reasons: 1) was too small! it's made like one of those tiny mittens that stretches to fit any size hand. i didn't bother to order a size up because i wasn't sure whether to go from a small to a medium or to a large. 2) the main color isn't grey  like the picture. it's a black and white checkered pattern. so  it doesn't look at all grey irl.    i'm still recommending because  if you get the right size  and like the colors  it will be a nice  light and comfy swea
First of all i need to state that i am 5 1". i usually get the petite size small but they were out so i took a risk and ordered the regular small which i can sometimes get away with. upon opening the parcel  it seemed bigger than i expected. the knit is very chunky (not a bad thing) but thicker than i expected. the fit was way too large for me. the shoulders were bulky and because it is a cocoon shaped cardigan  there was just too much excess fabric draping around my petite frame. i think if i c
Trying hard to stay away from tops that are basic tees and branch out with patterns and different cuts. never thought i'd find both in one top. love this! i put it on and knew i had to take it home. it's fitted but not  busy but just enough so  and it's made in the usa! can't go wrong.
This looks great on the model but when it arrived  i couldn't believe it was the same jacket. it looks a bit like a really loose garbage bag on me and no amount of adjusting drawstrings is going to fix it. i really wanted to like it  but even the xs/s was too baggy. also a bit worried based on other reviews that it isn't actually a rain jacket and wont keep you dry.
These pants look beautiful when you first see them. it goes downhill from there. the waist is very small in relation to the rest of the pants. it felt fine when pulled up  but it is a struggle. i could get past that  but when i looked in the mirror  i could see right through them. no lining and not very thick material for this price!!! a real bummer  especially since it was a birthday gift.
For those who are wondering this sweater coat is 50% lambswool and 50% acrylic. the original version of this coat was 100% lambswool. 50% acrylic yet the price remained the same???i would have payed more money to have this sweater coat made in 100% lambswool like the original version. this is another example of declining quality and a high price tag for synthetic materials.
I cannot say enough about these pajama pants. they're beautiful and crazy comfortable. it's a nice change from black or grey. i also love that there are no pockets because i hate how they jut out on me. i wanted a petite l because i am short  but the regular large is fine. i just wear them higher up on my hips. i normally wait for sales on sleepwear  but i couldn't resist on these. they're well worth the investment!
Loved everything about this top except two things: the price (there is a lot of pretty detail though) and the shoulders. what is not depicted in the stock photos is how wide the shoulder ruffles are...i have an athletic build at 5'7"  140 lbs and 32dd and this top unfortunately made me look like a football player. i ordered a small and the fit was perfect. beware that this top is on the shorter side. it really is very pretty but i would steer away if you have athletic or broad shoulders.
Loved the fabric but returning because the armholes are cut waaaaay too low. unless you have 30" arms  all you get is an unnecessary showing of your bra
This dress is a vintage 20s drop hem style  not meant to be tight to form.  that said  the bottom is loose so may want to size down.  5'2  145 lbs= s.  i bought the neutral- navy pattern and it is absolutely gorgeus!  hints of peach and beautiful lace detail.  i literally got compliments all day long- from friends and strangers.  i paired it with a dark denim jacket.  absolute must have for sale price.
Love this shirt! looks perfect with a pair of jeans! makes the outfit with out any effort!!!!
The design of this dress is very cute  but if you have an average to large bust  don't even think about it. returned  unfortunately.
Recently started loving rockets. i own a pair in black and a pair that are distressed. i've found that the 27s fit me best. i am 5'7"  34c  28 waist. this particular pair seems to run true to size  meaning i could get the 28s on (which is typically what i wear in other brands)  but the 27s were embarassingly too small. while the 28s fit  and are made of a great weighty denim  with very little stretch  the wash was really not appealing. due to the distressing of the wash  all the lines butterfly
Didn't love it  didn't hate  rather indifferent. the grey was a little more muted than i wanted for a summer tee.  i'm 5'4"  123lbs  34a  the xs fit if it wouldn't shrink  if you're about this size but larger busted go with the s.
Cute enough  but i couldn't figure out what to do with the tie that didn't make it look like an extra set of sleeves  oddly placed.
I got this dress in hopes of having a really nice winter formal dress. it was not well made at all! the lining didn't line up with the top layer and the waist puffed out in uneven places. i am curvy so a puffy waistline in the last thing i need! the fabric itself is very nice  but just not well made. i do not recommend this dress.
I was looking for a flannel-y buttondown that i could wear with leggings or skinny jeans  and this definitely fits the bill. i like the cute details like the contrast collar and cuffs  and also the slight back pleat and the curved hemline. i'm not crazy about the colorways that are offered  but the pink is cute enough  and as other reviewers mentioned  i find the quality a little lacking. i'd be very happy with this shirt on sale  but not sure about it at full price. i got a size s (5'4"  120 lb
This dress has a great shape and fabric - but the v neckline is too deep/low and the arm holes are also cut too low. would loved to have been able to keep it but had to return.
Not a huge fan of this dress  will be returning it. fits too big and not flattering. fabric is thin and shows any lumps and bumps you may have. color is not as pretty in person as in the photo - the photo looks like a nice rust color but the dress is actually a boring brownish olive.
I've never owned sweater leggings before so these were my first. i had to order large because well i have some junk in the trunk (am 10/12 on bottom and 8 on top). these are a teeny bit scratchy but i'm hoping with a wash they'll soften up--but they're really loose too so i'm also hoping they'll shrink a teensy bit.
It is indeed cut to the shape of a trench. however  i think retailer should rename it as it's more like wearing a cardigan. it's soft and pretty which i like. however  i wasn't convinced to buy it since i have a gazillion long black cardigans already made out of the same jersey stretch material.
I love everything about this top! the fit and style are beautiful and the fabric high quality. it does run about a half size large (i'm usually a size 4 and needed an xs in this top). this is so versatile--i have worn it with a tangerine midi skirt and denim shorts and it looks great however i pair it. i highly recommend this!
I saw this dress in the store months ago and never forgot it  so when i saw it on sale i nabbed it online. so sad to see how this dress fits: just right up top  just right along the hem  and then it's a hot  potato-sack-frump mess in the middle. it's a shame because the fabric is beautiful.
Hahaha! as gorgeous as this piece is  i look absolutely ridiculous in it. i am 5'7'' 115 lbs but have a long torso and so the crotch area is  well  a little unflattering to say the least:) i am really sad because i shy away from shorts due to my year round pale skin  but this fabric and color worked really well for me. the length of the shorts is also nice and the back is beautiful! i've never had a romper and i was truly hoping this one would be the one for me. it is all round perfect...if you
I had my eye on this jacket (in moss) for awhile. i was afraid the vegan leather wouldn't feel natural or soft but i was wrong. it's wonderfully soft - so much so that every time i wear it and tell someone it's vegan leather  they feel compelled to touch it and can't get over the quality. the detailing is great and the back adds a special  interesting touch. it's become my go-to jacket and works just as well with jeans as it does with a nice dress. and who doesn't love getting a compliment every
This is a great dress that can be dressed up or worn with flip flops. i also love that it has pockets :)
I was hesitant to buy this dress due to there not being any reviews  but decided to take a chance and order it. it is fabulous!!! great fit  off the shoulder design stays in place  and the dress hits the smallest part of my waist perfectly. the lace detail on the hem and the tassels on the ties are details that sets this dress apart. i wish that it was made in another color  perhaps a solid. you all hit this one out of the park  retailer!!!
First of all  this is not pullover styling. there is a side zipper. i wouldn't have purchased it if i knew there was a side zipper because i have a large bust and side zippers are next to impossible for me.  second of all  the tulle feels and looks cheap and the slip has an awkward tight shape underneath.  not at all what is looks like or is described as. sadly will be returning  but i'm sure i will find something to exchange it for!
I got this in a l  and probably i am a m. however  the waist pretty much fit  but the bodice was baggy in a really bizarre way. i don't think a human could actually be shaped a way that would fit properly in this dress. this dress is well suited for a woman with a very large bust  but a small waist.
You can adjust this dress a bit with the straps but it's huge! the colors were also a bit grayish which i didn't expect.
This is a very awkward and unflattering shirt. i am very petite--90 pounds and 5'2". the arms fit--length and width  but nothing else about this fit. the scoop was so low and wide that i would require a shirt underneath. it fell exactly like a tent and made a bell shape around my thighs. yikes! it looks cute on the model  but not on me. the material is also very thin and felt sort of like it should be a pajama top.
I have two of these tops. the maroon and tan and white stripe. the material is great and the neckline lays great. it isn't too thick so i can wear it on cooler florida days. you can dress it up under a jacket or dress down with some jeans.
I love this dress and was hoping to get it in more colors. i was bummed when my size xs regular was out of stock. i would've even ordered it in a s regular but that was out of stock too. please get more in...love the deep red color!
First  i love wool. if it's 100% wool  i love it. if wool isn't your thing  then this dress isn't for you. i ordered this dress online in the burgundy. it is not itchy. it falls above my knees and i am 5'3". it is warm and cozy with pockets  which i love. with the sleeves being short  i am wearing a long  frilly cardigan over it. i ordered the small (did not notice a size chart with this product). i am usually a size 4 or 6. it fits great in the bodice  but runs large through the hips. however 
I bought this suit based on the great reviews. i was so bummed when i tried it on. the top fit so well but the bottom kept bunching up. my torso is on the longer side so maybe that's why the bottoms keep coming up. every time i pulled the shorts down  the top would come down too  and vice versa. i am 5'5 and 120lbs and bought a 2 which is my normal size. i did like that the top had a bit of padding but that's the extent of what i liked about it. i will be returning it.
I received this shirt in my typical xs and it fits perfectly. i?m not crazy in love with it but i also don?t dislike. the shirt is on the thin side. do i need to wear a cami underneath it  no. my concern is holes. it does remind me of a material that could develop some holes after some wear and washes. with that being said i?ll wash this shirt in cold water and hang dry and hopefully that will prevent holes from developing. the length is fine and i do like the slits in front?it adds a little dim
I purchased the green in xs and it fits perfect. it's very flattering. also  i purchased the blue in xxsp (only size available)  but it was too short.
Ordered this top online and wanted to love it but the fit was very off. i love the drape in the front  but it did not hit in the right place. the fabric was soft  but not as high end looking as i was expecting. i love flannel tops and wanted a more formal look  but sadly this is going back.
Love this jacket. it fits very well and is super comfortable. you can wear it to work or on the weekends. super versatile!
Great skirt! i bought the red and paired it with a casual white button down. i feel like the top definitely needs to be short or tucked in for the look to work. i am typically a 2 in bottoms  and went with the small in this. the xs probably fits more like it's intended to  but it is very curve-hugging  and i was more comfortable with the looser fit of the small (especially since i am tucking in a blouse). there is stretch in the skirt  and the fabric has a nice feel.
I love the design of this top  however  it's quality is lackluster. the shirt is pretty short and would be more flattering (at least on me) if it had a few more inches. also it's pretty sheer  so figuring out under garments is a dilemma. i will still wear it because i love it. looks great with a denim vest over it!
I went into retailer looking for a specific dress and had to try this on when i saw how lovely it looked displayed at the store. it is a beautiful dress. not see through at all. substantial weight  not to heavy and so very beautiful. i stayed tts on it . i would have purchased it but was buying 3 other dresses.. i may go back as it will be perfect for the hot summer days.
I got this top in the "brown" color  although it is really more of a burnt rose  or light sienna shade and it is just lovely. i love the color. the fit is just right  comfortable and a good length. it feels very well-made and has beautiful details from the pleated collar/neckline to the slightly sheer upper back panel. i have only one tiny issue with this top: in the very front where it buttons  there is no lining or fabric behind the crocheted lace panels. in retrospect  i can see this slightly
Love this & so cute to have t-shirt with additional details. usually get medium size in blouses but liked the fit of the large better.
Like the previous reviewer  the biggest problem with this shirt is how short it is. i'm 5'4 and ordered a 12  which is usually what i wear at retailer. even only being 5'4  this shirt is much shorter than i anticipated. it fits everywhere else  though. i'm obsessed with the back so i'm going to keep it and wear it. i'd say it's worth it at the sale price.
This top is so lovely  but runs soo big. i ordered it online and was so surprised when i tried it on at home. i'm normally a size 14  and i was positively swimming in this top. hoping to exchange for a petite sm.
I found the fit of this dress to be true to size with a flattering bust and waistline; however  the fabric feels cheap and doesn't drape as nicely as i'd hope for the price. this would be a lovely dress in a better quality fabric. for sizing reference  i'm 5'5''  122 lbs  30dd  and took my usual size xs - though i'm busty for my size  the top provides nice coverage.
Very pretty  romantic
I saw the colors and texture of this top and wanted to love it however when i put it on it just did not work. the cut was so strange. it runs very small in the shoulders and then flairs out so much at the waist. i even ordered up a size based on reviews. i ordered an 8 when i normally where a small (6) in things. the shoulders were still too small and it was way too big every where else.
I ordered the small and it fits ok i probably could have went with an xs but i am keeping the dress.it is a very beautiful dress.this dress can be worn for casual or dressed up for evening.very versatile dress and well made.i did get it on sale which made it very affordable. i am only 5'3" and the length in the regular s is fine for me.
I'm small (4'11  98 pounds and 34a) so the regular xs looks like a baby doll dress on me.  i just wear the tunic with a tank top underneath (or i can wear the tunic by itself) and leggings plus a pair of boots.  the top part is slightly baggy so if you want tight fitting  is size down to xxs.  i got the yellow flower and white + grey one and plan to get the navy one soon.  the quality is good and you can machine wash it with cold water.  i plan to use a tide sweater garment bag to wash it (i put
Loved these pants when i tried them on they looked great and felt so comfortable. when i washed according to the directions on the tag the bottom of one leg lost so much color that i can't wear them anymore..so disappointed!
This dress is soft and comfortable. it's perfect for summer. i ordered my usual size 4 petite and it fits perfectly. 34" 26" 5'1"
The shorts are very cute  very nice quality and intricate detailing! the sizing is tight in waist and very big in legs not flattering at all. i'm 5'1"  115 lbs. they are going back.
Even on sale  this was just too pricey for what it is  which is a glorified tank. i liked the straps  but it hangs very wide off your chest.
I love the design and fit and quality. have been looking for a long-line top like this and was willing to pay full price. i have that dreadful little roll right under my bust line and this sucks everything in nicely. smooths it all out. i'm a 38c and everything was contained nicely and fit great in the large top.     here's my issue - wore it once and the colors ran! i was so excited to wear this i didn't even wash the top (i rinsed and dried the bottom  though). and i'm not a swimmer. just let
I followed the other reviews and sized down. normally  i'm a small/medium in retailer (5'8"/135 for clarification) and i expected the garment to be a bit roomy. i ordered the small and when it arrived i almost called the corporate office to ensure i didn't have to pay rent on the romper  given that you could comfortably fit a small family of five in it. oddly  the arm-holes were normal sized? i returned this mess.
I really loved this top. however  i couldn't get it on. i tried on a medium (my usual size.) it's not that it was too small. something else is wrong with it. the large was way too big. too bad  i really wanted this look.
These are *almost* perfect. the fabric feels great  and it's a super cute print. the only downside is that the rise is really long and high. i wish they'd stocked more petities  because the petites are all sold out  and only the super long regulars are left at this time. if you are above 5'7"  they'll be awesome on you. if you are below 5'4"  you may be getting them altered.
I saw this gorgeous blouse in a store over dark blue jeans on feb. 19. of course  the store stock only went up to a size 12. typical. with the way the 12 fit  i knew i had to size up from my usual size 14  and i did. i ordered it in a size 16  and it arrived on monday  feb. 22 -- with lightening-fast speed. it is breathtaking and fits wonderfully. i like the top button undone  the buttons are gorgeous  and the blouse is very retro  circa 1973  but you definitely have to go up one size. the only
I thought that it looked like it belonged on a 15 year-old. i can almost see why they styled the model in what looks like ankle socks....ready for cheerleading. for reference it fits true to size  but is very short. i am 5'2" and tried on a regular small - it was at least 5 inches above my knee.
I agree that this shirt is boxy and has no shape; it doesn't look at all like it does on the model. i returned it.
Wow this is huge! i'm all for the tent-look with the right style  but this was absurd. i could have fit two of me into the width  and with the peplum style  extra width doesn't flatter anyone. the fabric is also so thin that it doesn't hang nicely  it kind of floats around the body. if you want a wide top  then this is perfect  but if you wanted something that hangs nicely  look elsewhere. i purchased a petite s  my typical size.
These are very well-made jeans  the fabric is substantial and gives a lot of stretch with movement. i adore the extra inch or so in the rise of the waist  and they make my butt look great. however  these jeans fit like a glove when i put them on first thing  but within an hour or so of wear they are so baggy it's like wearing a size bigger. i'd say perhaps buy a size smaller if you want them to fit snugly through the day. if you like roomy  then buy your regular size.
I bought this tunic is blue. it is now one of my favorite tops to wear with skinny jeans or even leggings. i have always love rayon. this top did not disappoint me. it feels very soft and silky which makes it perfect for warmer days. for reference i am 5"1' 125 lbs  the xs p fits me just like the model...lose and not too long. i love it so much that i am considering another in different color.
I've been coveting the first edition of this top (pineapples) and was thrilled to find this same style with lemons. i called my local store and put a few sizes on hold so i could ensure the perfect fit. good job i did! the top is beautiful but it's super tight across the back - fine if you want to stand still & look pretty. if  however  you want to go about your usual activities  like eat for example  i'd suggest you size up. for reference i'm usually a 2-4 in retailer tops (34b  5' 5" and 130lbs)
When i saw that these were on sale  i was actually going to order another pair as i have really been enjoying them and wear them quite a bit. unfortunately  the large that i take is sold out otherwise i would own two pairs. although these are called lounge pants  i put them together with white or black accessories and have worn them everywhere. since my legs are not long  i did have to shorten and they are still a bit longer on me than the model. however  it was well worth it.
Read all the reviews i didn't really understand that it really had real shape wear in the skirt. i live in florida and found the dress to be too confining and hot. i would never get any wear out of it. much better for someone up north. had to return it.
I'm 5'2 & the length is fine except i'd probably hem if i used for yoga/pilates. but i prefer cropped for those activities  so these are just knock a round lounge pants for me. they are thin  but not in a cheap way. i don't understand why they're called french terry became that's not what i see/feel; but they are sumptuous & soft. i like that the fold over waist part is stitched & keeps its shape. for size reference    i got the black xxs- i'm 115 lbs  athletic apple & they fit/look great & clin
This is a beautiful dress. it fits true to size. i have some issues around the middle and this just flows away from the body. i am 5'5" and it falls to the knee on me  longer than pictured on the model. the fabric is a nice weight that can be worn three seasons. the print is pretty and romantic. i'm planning to wear this to my daughter's very informal wedding and know i'll be comfortable and look put together. this was a lucky find!
Looks nearly exactly like the picture. will be very comfortable to wear. i ordered a petite large and could really have worn a medium. it's big all over. i figure i'll do a little tailoring on this come spring and adjust the fit. on the whole  happy.
I'm so disappointed. the dress looked lovely in the box  but when i started to unbutton it to try it on  two buttons split in half! it's going right back.
The material is adorable and if it was available in a blouse with sleeves  i would buy in a minute. we have a pool and i thought it would be cute to wear while entertaining. now the cons  i am long waisted and this strange tie knotted high under the bustline giving an odd lumpy look. it runs short and i can't imagine who thought this design was a good idea. there were no reviews when i ordered. i am learning to try it on in the store and/or read the reviews before investing. i would say go up a
Ordered this jacket on line. it is picture perfect. does run a little big. thought i would take a small but i'm exchanging for xs.
Loved the color and looked super cute in the photo but when i got it home it was way too big in chest area  waist area & too wide at bottom. i'm pretty small but i'm not sure what the right body shape would be for this.
Was enchanted by this dress from the moment i saw it online. i was able to find it at my local retailer
I bought this is the orange/red motif and it is a beautiful print  although in person it is a more rich reddish color than the washed out model image. the entire shirt is sheer  so i will need to wear something under  but that doesn't bother me. i have a small chest (34a) and find that the front of the shirt is noticeably longer than the back  but that wouldn't be an issue if i was a little better endowed. this looks gorgeous with black pants and a blazer. not sure that it is worth full price  b
The fabric is soooo thick. the pattern is very spring/summer but the heavy thick and lined fabric says otherwise. the pockets are great and the fit was true to size but that fabric killed it for me
Love the blue color  and the bit of sparkle gives this otherwise casual piece a bit of flair. the hem is cool. love the big cuffs. but i looked like the liberty bell in the small. it is huge through the hips! not at all like on th model. i also worried it would shrink and i would lose the length in the arms. returned :(
After washing this top pilled terribly. it is beautiful  but only for one use.
Im 5'1" and about 110lbs. ordered the small because i do have some curves- it was huge- more like a large and didnt have much structure at all. the wool was very soft and stretchy. and like others have said- kinda orange- not true coral color. it fit me like a throw blanket- its going back for sure. might purchase again if the petite xs is back in stock and on sale- this should def be under $100.
These are amazing. so comfortable  true to size (i usually wear a 29 in pilcro and ag and bought these in a 29). i have curvy thighs and a smaller waist but didn't get a gap situation with these. the only issue i have is the length. i'm 5'6" and wish they were a tiny bit shorter. they hit right at the top of my foot so i keep debating if i should cuff them or not  since the length looks more flattering cuffed but then the actual cuff looks a little weird. i bought them in black for work  and now
This dress is very cute and is made well.  i bought up a size from what i usually where as one reviewer mentioned the dress is small in the bust. this is always a problem for me therefore i ordered a 14. i was surprised that the 14 was sung in the bust. and then understood why the 16 was sold out. i was 30/40 lbs heavier when i wore a 16..never would have thought i'd have to order up that high. i've been running a 10 or 12 depending on the level of my activity. i'm keeping the dress because i kn
I have a dress very like this from retailer's fall line.  i love it  so i decided to try this one. the fabric is thinner than the other dress  which is good for spring  but it also seemed not such a great quality. i also didn't care for the texture. if this doesn't bother you  the pattern is very cute and the style is flattering. it is cute with a blazer.
This is a beautiful dress. lovely fit. unfortunately  the fabric wrinkles easily. i had to return it because it did not accommodate my slumpy posture  and it was too much to maintain for me since i don't iron.
Recently received this and was very disappointed with the quality. the fabric was very thin  easily stretched out of shape. price is ridiculous for this item!
So this top is adorable light and airy and i like the loose fit  i think it will nice and cool for summer. the red is very flattering color  i have fairer skin and feel like it gave nice color without being overbearing. love this top. my only complaint is that i feel like the the arm hole is a bit snug. not enough to not keep  just wish there was a little more room.
I was really hoping this dress would work because it looks adorable on the model. i ordered my usual size 0 but when i put it on the cross part in the front was way too high on my neck and was super uncomfortable. i also had a lot of room in the back of the dress so it wasn't as form fitting as i would have liked. i ended up returning this dress.
I did not realize that this knitted vest had an attached gauzy under-layer. i can see it now in the photo  but i just thought it wasn't part of the actual vest. when the vest arrived i realized sadly that this flowing under-layer was part of the design. i don't know why because the yarn and vest are lovely without it. in my opinion  the under-layer takes away from the beautiful vest. i guess i could have spent some time and removed it  but at that price i just sent it back. too bad because the m
I loved the way this sweater was made.  my arms are really short so the sleeves were way too long and looked silly rolled.
I tried on the refgular xs and it fit  btu the cut was wring on me  i moved up the dress as though it was cut "petite" and what a difference! i will ahve to roder the petite for sure.  te material is a thicker knit  very strectchy and warm enough to carry the dress through winter and spring. the shoulders are well covered  in a flattering way. the chest area is crossed over "open"  not stiched close  so yo ucan adjsut as needed. te "tie" jsut falls but is attached to the dress on one side  so it
Thank goodness for a nice white basic tee that is not see through! i go back and forth between an xs and s depending on how i want an item to fit - i don't like things to be too form fitting because i still have a little post-baby pooch. i went with a s in this shirt and it works well. my only complaint is that the neckline is not totally straight - where the seam comes up from under the arm to hit the neckline it bumps out a little bit. but it's a great nicer basic that will go well with almost
Wish someone warned of the navy one being not as pictured!! i ordered the navy because the crocheted part appeared to be more intricate than the ivory. in reality the navy knit is just like the ivory. it seems well made but very delicate. i'm not a fan of tops (especially pricey ones) that require a camisole but this top is a very "retailer" piece so most likely i will keep it  just a bit disappointed.
Yes  this is a thinner bra  it's almost sheer when you hold it up to the light  but it fit perfectly (36d) and is seamless under even the thinnest tops. i love that its not padded  i feel like it just slightly enhances my natural shape without adding anything more  and i really wish i had bought multiples before they sold out! i can't speak to how it will hold up since i just got it yesterday and i'm wearing it for the first time today  but i'm keeping my fingers crossed that it will last as wel
This a great skirt for someone with a straight or boyish figure. this skirt does not accommodate a curvy figure - small waist  feminine hips.
I am 5'3 and weigh around 150 and the medium fit me perfectly  hit me just below the knee cap. it's cotton/linen but not as prone to wrinkles as i thought it would be. it's double lined  made from a quality fabric. thicker but still very much breathable. will see how this holds up in kansas city's 95 degree summers but so far mid-80's it's been just fine. i'd definitely recommend this skirt. the only thing that this skirt is missing is pockets!
Really wanted to like this and took chances based on other reviews  even with the sale price and addtl discount. it's basically $30 blouse fabric with design and detail-work of a much more expensive blouse. the white is sheer and and fabric will wrinkle easily. if it were black  you could probably get away with it  but the white shows too many flaws and will wrinkle. sad to have to send it back.
I ordered this online  and was pleasantly surprised when i received it. i'm about 5'5 and 140 lbs and the small fit perfectly. it is very flattering  and i can't wait to wear it!
I love this pullover. i felt it was a little wide at the bottom but i received lots of compliments on it. i ordered a large because i did not want it tight around the bust (i wear a 36j bra) and biceps but i think i would have been fine in a medium.
Note the sleeves on the model. that is how your regular size will fit your arms. however  even if you have skinny arms like i do  the sleeves will be tight. i bought my regular size xs and it was clingy with an odd flair and the length seems as though i ordered a petite and i am only 5 ft 2 in. i advise to try a few sizes on if you really are interested. the red is truly a red which is a good thing because so often it is hard to find a red that is not neon.
Now that i have this dress in my life i think my wardrobe is done.  there is nothing but love for this dress as it hits all the correct points:  great fit  flattering silhouette  comfortable fabric  shape enhancing cut  and the easiest casual style ever!  i got the 10p and my body is 5'3" 140# 36dd
I saw this dress and loved everything about it! i was so sad when i tried it on and it was just too big. they were out of the smaller size  so i had to return it. the dress is well made and the color is just a bit neon compared to the picture.
I agree with the other reviewer. the colors were fabulous  but it was boxy and fit me like a sack. the slits on the side really detracted from the cute fabric and the hood drooped way in the back due to being able to pull away from the slits. it was really a cute idea and i'm sad it didn't work. i started not to order it based on the first review but i wanted to give it a chance --i should have listened !
I ordered a small and medium because i was worried about the chest being too tight (i am 5'6"  140 lbs  34d) but i was swimming in a size medium. it was huge. the small really fits me just fine. my only issue is that the very bottom of the sleeves is tight. i would like to push them up a little since they are 3/4 length  but they are tight. i am still keeping the small though....maybe i'll do surgery on the cuffs!
Would be flattering on someone who is slim with all the right curves. i'm average size and a mother of 3. the medium was not a true medium. the fabric was amazing. the arm holes were too open/low cut for my taste.   i'm 5'7" and 140. this landed mid calf. not my preference.     retailer accepted the return with a hassel free refund all under 2 weeks from receiving it.
This skirt fit  but is very body con. if you are not comfortable with such a tight fit  consider sizing up. overall  the design is beautiful and the fabric is heavy (hides bumps). i plan on ordering one size up  hoping that the waist is not too big.
I just want you guys to be aware that the red print is not short sleeved! we have this in store and both are 3/4 length sleeves! great material and fit.
I ordered this on line first  but i really recommend getting to a store to look at them closely! due to the fact that the first dress  the embroidered lines were not sewn level on the bottom horizontal stripe areas  and the fact that they didn't meet made me feel it wasn't worth anywhere near the price! i feel you can sort of see this in the stock photo  although it may be just the way it's hanging. also  many of the center areas of the embroidered flowers and designs have a loose  unfinished th
Perfect for the summer weddings that i am attending. i am 5-1  119#  32dd and usually a sp. i tried on a regular s and xs in the store  and the s was huge. i ended up ordering the regular xs instead of the petite xs when the 20% off sale hit because i liked the extra length. great bra coverage...it is not too long at the armholes  or too low in the back. i will take it up a bit in the top seams just so it doesn't have quite so much decolletage  but it is wearable as is. this is much more of a ro
I should have listened to the previous review on-line before ordering. unfortunately this will go back as the design fit and proportions are simply off. i love uniquely shaped wraps like this  but this one didn't make the cut for me.
I got the black in size small. i love this easy  breezy and comfy t. i love that it's different and can wear with anything. the shirt is more flowy vs fitted which i like. i wish they had more colors! i could see myself wearing this shirt a lot this summer.     i'm a size 2 and bought a small.
This dress had so much potential but the horizontal knit ruined it. i tried on size xxs in grey since my usual petite xxs size was not available. the fabric was a good weight and dress was well constructed. however  the wide horizontal knit made the dress bulge out at places especially in the lower body thus made me look wide and bulky. i wish they had used a cable knit pattern which will make the dress drape much more nicely and more flattering.
I love these jeans! i wear them all the time. i love the way they fit and the price is great. please make these exact pants in more colors!
The picture makes the pants appear flattering and comfortable. but they are not flattering at all. they seemed much bigger than they should have been and the "fold over" portion was not necessary.
I really wanted to like this  but like other reviews say  the knit fabric pills easily and i don't think the tank feels or looks as good as it would were it cotton. a good deal on sale  but i don't think it will hold up very long. i got the teal/white  as black/white and coral/navy were sold out.
I ordered this dress in a size 2  it puckered at my lower back. i am still so disappointed in the fact that i really wanted the navy option in this dress  that i chose to ultimately return it instead of exchange for a 4. it is truly gorgeous though  the black and pink just does not compliment my complection.
I agree with the other reviews that the sleeves can be tight even for those with slim arms. life would be great in this coat if my arms were always down by my sides. but when i lift my arms that's another story. i also agree that the material wrinkles easily. this is a high-maintenance item as far as pressing and ironing goes. it is a very pretty feminine coat but i would reconsider this only if it goes on sale.
Great little black dress for cooler evenings with boots  or dress down with a pair of flats for daytime. perfect fall dress!
Bypassed this blouse online  but it's striking colors caught my eye at the store. bought the olive green color and it's gorgeous! the color is great for both spring and fall. i'm normally a petite xs at 5'0 feet and 104 pounds  the regular xs is a great fit for me. not too boxy and the length hits right at my waist. material is lighweight and flowey. don't hesitate to buy  it's a great piece to add some pop of color and goes great with skinny jeans..
Love this tee! it's stylish and comfy. i ordered the white and it's a thicker fabric  so i don't have to wear a camisole underneath.  i want to order more colors.  it does slightly big.
I really loved the look of these color blocked leggings online  but when i received mine  they're nothing like the ones in the pictures....the front of the legs on mine are mostly orange with a thin strip of white between the orange  then more orange!!! i like orange  but really was expecting the pretty color blocking like in the pictures not  mostly orange on both front legs  the back of the legs have more color blocking  but barely any of the light lavender color
I loved the look of this tunic. it is made well and very pretty. it was so big and heavy i had to return it. i think the small in this would be too big.
I fell in love with this dress from the moment i saw it in store. i tried it on immediately and knew i had to have it. it fits a little big -- definitely size down. but other than that  i have never felt more beautiful than when i wear this. the color is a perfect blush pink and the drop waist/tiered skirt make you feel downright bridal when wearing it  despite it being the perfect fabric for day. i find that this dress is perfect for those days at work when i have an event later.. it can be dre
This top is very nice. good quality  good design. it just doesn't fit me well. i have a large chest and this is a tad fitted at the top  especially around my shoulders  while the lower half fits due to the pleats. the fit seems inconsistent at the top and bottom. i am full-figured  perhaps it would fit a leaner person better.
This tunic is amazing. i'm not usually one for turtlenecks but it's not too tight around the neck and very comfortable. i love the versatility  it can be worn with pants/leggings or a skirt   you can layer it with a shirt or blouse underneath or throw a jacket over it.
I am in love with the pilcro brand. this pair is gorgeous. i love the how versatile these will be in my wardrobe. i can dress them up with a nice blazer  sweater or dress them down with t-shirts or tanks. these will be a staple in my wardrobe. they are a nice navy blue.
I ordered the yellow/floral version in size xl. it fits me just as shown with the model so it's true to size. it's very comfortable and made well. the floral looks the same in person as in the photos too.
It does snag easily which stinks because it's darling and i love it to pieces.... i just hope it doesn't end up in pieces!
Sits at waist  length is perfect for petite  quality is very good  looks very nice on me  very recommend
I was really excited to see what this looked like in person. when i unpacked this shirt i was shocked to see what how short it looked. the colors are very close to what you see online but the shirt is super boxy. i have a smaller torso and it barely came to below my waist. you can't tell by the picture but this shirt can fit at least 2 people in the width. when i tried it on  it didn't look as boxy but still a really weird cut! it was disappointing because it looks so cute online! i will be retu
This top is gorgeous in both detail in color. it fit great and true to size  but then i hand washed it as instructed on the label and it shrank substantially to the point that it's now too short and needs to be returned.
The dress is true to fit and very soft. you can dress it up or be casual with a denim jacket.
The fabric is super soft and litght. it hardly feels like you are wearing it. body skimming fit can disguise a less than perfect figure. can easily go from day to night. absolutely love.
This is a beautiful dress. however  it looked awful on me. i ordered the medium and it was huge. also  i looked 7 months pregnant. not a good style for the short person.
I am petite  5'2" - purchased the xsmall and it is a little big  but had to have this!! i would say runs a bit large. i think it will be a great addition to any wardrobe.
Tried this twice in yellow because for the price it seems like it would be such a useful piece  but the quality is below average for an retailer dress. it's just a shapeless  thin  beach cover-up that i could've picked up anywhere. the yellow color is so cute though. if you're looking for a light  breezy  go-to-the-beach dress that you can shove in a bag with your towel  this might be good for you  but it's too thin for just about anything else.
The fabric is a nice weight knit and the top generally well made. unfortunately  the fit was enormous. i've an athletic build w/ big boobs & normally wear l in retailer tops.
Tried on this maxi dress recently  hoping i would have a new dress to enjoy but the frabic is just too thin. so sad :(. unfortunately it shows every lump and bump and even wearing spanx while trying on it still showed too much. a full length slip would help but i decided to put it back.
I rarely write a really negative review and retailer is my favorite store ever. but this dress is awful. i ordered the black and white. the fabric is very poor quality. the colors are washed out. i almost didn't try it on  but i did and found that  for me  the fit was terrible (though some of the reviewer pictures are cute).
Love this top! the color is very pretty  great for the holidays. i haven't washed it yet  but it says machine wash which is a plus for me.
This dress is stunning. i loved the cut and seam detailing. it is very flattering...if it fits. i have a curvy athletic build and usually wear a size 10/12. i am also smaller busted and this dress was too tight around my ribs  back and tummy. i bought the large and it doesn't' come in a bigger size :( it is very well made and completely lines. i highly recommend this dress but again only it if fits you.
One wash wonder...i'm a s to m and went with a m but could have gone with a s with ease. after washing it was way shorter. it shrunk more than a whole size in cold water! i assumed everything came preshrunk but sadly disappointed. great for one wear.
My normal size 32 fit tts. the length is great (i'm 5'9). i love the button detail on the bottom  makes them a little unique.
Beautiful fabric  but the fit was off. the picture makes the dress appear fitted than it actually is. the belt is definitely needed  but would leave a lot of fabric in the back of the dress giving it a less than tailored look.     also  the arms and the top portion are a tad small  so if you have a larger bust/arms  this dress may be tricky. i am a 34b and the button in the xxsp was puckering a bit.i was really looking forward to this one for fall  but was no way for me to make it work.
They make your butt look great! very whimsical design.
This top is absolutely gorgeous  but i followed the care tag to a t and it completely fell apart in the wash. will be returning.
Beautiful dress. the details are lovely. it feels a little bit like a nightgown. i always wear a slip. bust does run a little small so i unbutton the first few buttons. armholes feel a little small also.
I was so in love with these when i saw them online. they arrived today  and while the fit was great  i was disappointed. the colors are definitely more drab in person than what's pictured in the photo. the material is very thick. it's soft and they'd be warm in cold weather  i'm sure. i liked them  but they were underwhelming. if they were less expensive  i would probably keep them because i liked the fit and they'd be a quirky alternative to what i usually wear to work  but sadly  back they go.
I loved this dress online and was luckily able to locate it in a store about an hour away from me. i drove to the store to purchase it; however  when i tried it on  i was so disappointed! the print is adorable and it is made of great quality  but the swing style is definitely more than mini! i could have fit 3 of myself in this dress. it is definitely not as depicted in the photographs. also  the background of the dress is way more pink than appears in the photos  and the floral print isn't as r
I really loved this vest online and decided to try it on in store. it was really cute on and fit nicely so i purchased it (in my normal size) and took it on a vacation. first time wearing it and the color transferred all over my white shirt even though it says it is pre-washed. i am very disappointed considering how expensive this was. overall  it is very cute but it may ruin your clothes so beware!
Just bought this cardigan today. i'm already a fan of left of center and was happy with this piece. it's soft  has more interest to it than your average cardi. the sleeves are a bit long  but it's not a dealbreaker. i imagine it will be a great transitional piece from summer to fall and then for spring time.
But i have no idea where i would wear this dress... i tried on the size 2 in store  someone had returned it  but i always loved the cut and color of this dress (been in my wish list) so i tried it on anyway. it is so lovely  the cut is super flattering  the bow on the chest is beautiful  and the colors are much nicer in person  pinker. the feel is a bit satin0like  soft. i would need the 0 as it was a bit wide on the chest  but not a petite - surprisingly (usually do need petite in dresses).  if
This skirt is very pretty  but not only does it run small but only a small portion of the waistband is elasticized  so there's very little stretch. for those of us with a significant difference in our waist and hip measurements  there's no way to get this skirt on past the hips.
This top is a good concept but the structure of it is not for all body types. i am 5.6 and 135 and wear an xs to a s in retailer tops and i ordered this is a small and it was huge in the chest and tight at my hips...will be returning.
A pretty blouse but the polyester fabric makes it incredibly warm and uncomfortable on after a while. had to return it.
I love the lacey design of this top. however  it is very wide and doesn't fit well on someone with a small frame. i tried ordering a petit size. the width was better  but this size was too short. in addition  the lace didn't lay very flat  and there were lose threads all over. overall  not worth the price.
This is a gorgeous dress that while it runs quite small ( i normally take a s or xs ). i had to exchange it for a medium. i am 5 4" and it falls below the knee which is how i like my dresses. it is a gorgeous pattern of color which could be worn for 3 seasons. i look forward to wearing it for many special occasions.
This dress is so flattering on  i was astounded. often the "waistline" in the petite dress are very high  even though i'm only 5'1" tall  but this one hit at the right place and the skirt made me feel slim and tall. the fabric feels silky and the pattern is nice  but it is a pretty conservative style and perhaps a bit dark for spring. would be great for work  or church  but unfortunately doesn't really fit my lifestyle and i personally prefer a more unique style for the price. i highly recommend
The fabric was a beautiful color  but the material and seams were not well put together. the elastic in the arm was stretched before i tried on the dress so the sleeves did not fit well. i unfortunately ended up returning.
The shape is awkward  too loose  not flattering. my body just disappears under all the fabric and the bird print wasn't as cute as online. returning this one.
I was hesitant about buying this at first because i'm busty (f-cup)  but i love this top and have received a lot of compliments on it. and then i tried it on again at home with leggings and loved it. it's a great spring time top to wear with leggings and boots.
I love this dress. i got the coral  and it's clean and simple  but with visually interesting lines. the top is a slightly heavier  stretchy fabric (no zippers or closures)  while the skirt is made of a lighter fabric that gives it a bit of flirty swing. the hem is also slightly a-symmetrical  which i didn't notice from the online pictures. it's a very comfortable dress that i could see being very versatile - dressed up for work  dressed down for daytime weekend wear  or even for date night. (i a
This wool jacket actually feels more as a cardigan  its a little too thin for a jacket but looks about the same as pictured. its very pretty. i ordered a l and it was true to size. sleeves are cropped. the wool material is surprisingly soft and comfortable. very nice and colorful addition to my closet. recommend! :)
I liked the look of this dress online  so i called my local store and had them hold it in a small and medium because of the reviews. i am a 34dd  and had no issues with the bust on the small dress. it's a pretty  feminine dress and i'm glad they had the 20% off sale when i decided to buy it. the reason i'm writing a review is because the dress here is not the same as the dress in the store. the dress in the store is pictured in the "get the look" photo. the dress in the store has cap sleeves  wh
Pilcro runs one size smaller this year - i compared with pants that i ordered last year and sure enough  one inch difference in waist. i did not notice difference in other dimensions of this garment  so my best guess is that pilcro decided to make tighter waist due to some complaints last year about waist being ?too lose?. i personally prefer sporty silhouette and am not thrilled with this change  but pants fit and are nice color and quality  so they stay. however  i am not sure i would order th
I think 4-5" shorts are the best length if you want to show off your legs  but still feel comfortable running errands  and these fit the bill. they are short  but they are loose  the pattern ( i got the grey) is nice  wore them with a black top that flowed over the waistband and felt they were perfect. memorial day  wore them 2 days in a row  all day  everywhere  got lots of compliments  comfortable  washed and air dried  ready to go again. i am typically a 12  ordered the large  could probably
There isn't much shape to this dress. it's fairly straight from top to bottom. i'm smaller on top with a small waist but slightly pear shaped. the top half was somewhat loose but the bottom half just clung too much. i'm 5'2" and 107 lbs and bought a pxs for reference. also  i wore a tee shirt underneath and the dress shed all over it.
I wanted to love this dress  the open back  the lightweight fabric  and fun print. perfect for spring and summer. it could be i'm too tiny for this dress  but the front of the dress wasn't flattering. it just hung and there was an odd tuck in the waist that made it look like it ballooned out under my chest above my waist.
I really loved the color and fabric of this sweater. i liked everything about it except how wide it was at the bottom. i returned it for this reason.
I so loved this dress online. not so much in person. first of all it didn't fit my build. i'm 5'4" with a 32f bust and the waist line was just a bit too high to be flattering. mainly i'm returning it because of the fabric. the petticoat netting does rustle as another buyer pointed out. my main fault is that the top fabric is synthetic and cheaply printed. basically it's the lining fabric of a better made dress or coat. if it were cotton voile or silk it would have been beautiful. why they made i
Per the other reviews i sized up and got the medium. it was still tight around the girls (and i'm not that well endowed)  but too big in the armholes. the fabric is a kind of thin tee shirt material. i kept it (because i'm lazy) but not sure how much i'll wear it given the strange fit.
This dress has a beautiful color and design. however it runs too big. i'm usually between size 2 or 4 on antropologie's cloths. i had to size down to size 0 to get a more fitted look like the model.
Pants are overpriced and very uncomfortable. to my utter dismay i wore them during a business trip for the first time and ended up with bruises caused by the side zipper. i have been a long time retailer shopper and usually my go to store  however ending up with a pair of pants that caused me pain was a very big disappointment 
After reading many positive reviews i ordered. sure glad i did. i love the light  airy fabric. it hangs nicely. i am mostly a 12  sometimes a 14. i ordered both sizes and the 14 was a perfect fit. i am very pleased with this purchase. thought it might be too girly and/or young looking on me  but not so at all. i got the white and i certainly like the red detail at the button holes too.
I have more of an athletic figure  and the sleeves tend to come in closer to the body than pictured. i didn't like that cut on my arms/torso. the shirt is really cute  otherwise! i am usually a size 4/small and this was a little short and snug.
When this arrived in the mail  i knew there was a 50/50 chance of a sheath dress working with my body-type (athletic on top  larger on bottom). i usually wear size 6 in a-line dresses  and i found this dress  size 6  in the sale room  and barely squeezed in. ordered size 10 and love it. (for ref  5'8"  135 lbs  34-b) the belt is adjustable  which puts everything in place. the front collar blends seamlessly into the sleeves  and the brocade panels are such a great quality of material  reminding m
Such a lovely  well constructed top. looks great on petite frames. free flowing but not too "peasant-like." the embroidery is gorgeous. while it is pricey  it is something you will wear for years as it is a timeless piece.
I bought this top in navy and am so happy with my purchase. it's pretty and feminine. it looks great with jeans as well dressing it up for work. very happy with this purchase.
It's a cute topper. it fits nicely through the shoulders and arms  and because of the a-line  through the bottom. but the chest is 3 sizes too small and i don't have a big chest. the fabric is very scratchy  and mine arrived unbuttoned and unzipped  and i suspect it had been worn.  going back. not tracy reese's best piece.
Being a 34d  i was nervous about the gaping between the top two buttons given the other reviews i read. they're right - it totally gaps even when standing still. so i took it to the tailor. they sewed the seam between the top two buttons. easy fix for a blouse that otherwise works. the color is great (i got the red one) and i like the fabric. i didn't think it hit awkwardly at the bottom seam. looks great with skinny white jeans.
The fabric  so diaphanous! so flowy! the pattern  so pretty with such interesting colors. it could literally go with anything! purple  yellow  orange  green  they're all in there. but here's the but....    i have no waist! and when you put this type of empire silhouette on me  i look like i'm wearing a sack  or i have some pregnancy news--when i don't. i tried belting it : waist tie is too high; i tried putting on a vest  too annie hall and called too much attention to the sleeves  while adding
I'm not really sure what the designer was trying to accomplish with this dress. the fabrics and details are pretty but the shape is really strange. for one thing  the dress has a very straight cut so there is not a lot of room for movement and the thin belt makes the shape even worse. i felt like i was wearing a really fancy garbage bag. also  the way the bottom flares out is just strange considering the cut and length. i really wanted to like this dress but unfortunately it was a complete miss
Love this suit. i ordered up a size on the bottoms  and am so glad i did. the style fits true to size  is beautiful  and vibrant. i thought it looked like ribbing vertically  but it is just part of the design. it is not padded at all  but is thick enough to be seamless.
Runs large and it also had a small hole in the back had to return it.
I so wanted to love this dress! the color and fabrics are beautiful and scream summer! i was so disappointed by the fit through. the different fabrics are such a cool concept but it wasn't executed that well. one material is pleated like an accordion so wants to "constrict"  the next material is crocheted so is a little more stiff and the third material is pretty average. on the bottom where it's flowy it doesn't make that much of a difference  but on top and in the middle it gives this weird "i
I bought this dress in a sm for a cruise i'm taking soon. i don't have much of a waist  kind of straight like a board  and this dress is very flattering on my figure. the skirt fits snug and the top drapes nicely over my waist. very pretty and flowy. i bought the multi color stripe dress and the vertical stripes enhance the beauty of the dress.
I love it! it's cute and short and shows off my legs. the material is thick and great quality  so great for the fall. the color is great for florida!!! brightness year round. it's fits perfectly. i purchased a 14 and it fits like a glove. i am going to wear with my booties and a jacket like the model. hey it works!!!
This dress is incredible. i saw a sales girl wearing it in my local retailer and loved it! i bought it in the navy color  it's gorgeous in person  very bright  vibrant colors. i am 5'9 34 c bra 27 inch waist and the s was quite big on my waist. i kept it anyway because the xs has been sold out  and got it taken in a bit. i wore it while vacationing in mexico and it definitely turned heads  if you're thinking about buying this dress  do it  you won't regret it!
While i wouldn't normally look at this piece  the price was unbeatable. i was even more impressed when it arrived and i tried it on! the design is reminiscent of an old time patchwork quilt fairy tale- more beautiful in person than in the pic. the covered buttons at the neck and wrists are just lovely and feminine  and the dress falls and flows around me in a fun and flirty way. i paired it with charcoal heather tights and dark gray booties- super cute! you won't regret it.
Nice dress  you can wash it  i got black in med. i am 8-10 in tops and it is perfect    brand new is beautiful not sure how it will look after wash. great design. i wish it would be lighter material.   material is very thick and heavy for a short sleeve dress. probably will stretch when you sit in car driving.   i will be returning it for that reason  too heavy for summer .
I normally wear regular s  but even the xsp is too wide on me. it is really maternity wear.     also  since the material is thin  the ivory is too shear for my liking.
I'm a big ag fan  so i was excited to receive these for my birthday. i really love everything about them  but boy were they long!! even with a 3 inch heeled boot i was stepping on the hem. i'm 5'7"  so i don't often have to get things hemmed  but that was a must with these jeans. i recommend these jeans  but unless you're 6 foot tall  plan on running them to the tailors.
This runs very small and has a beautiful design but it feels very cheap. material feels like thinnest possible t-shirt material out there. surprised with retailer on this one. back home to retailer it goes!
Fit is just like stet in my opinion.
Love this top. the material is light  soft and comfortable. one thing to note. it runs very large? this feature is perfect for me as i was worried it would be too tight around the middle?this style would not look good if it didn't fit loose?..so i was pleasantly surprised to see that it fit me with plenty of room?.something i need for my full figure. if you are trim around the middle i recommend going down a size or two.
I have a love hate relationship with this product. it is comfortable and cozy  yet unshapely. after the initial wear  the product begins to stretch out  and if you sit for a while your knees are demarcated in the fabric once you stand. the sherpa front is soft  but the waffle material in the back is in no way flattering. i purchased for sleeping so it does that job nicely  but i would never leave the house with this on. i am hoping that after the first wash it shrinks a bit too. i am typically a
I tried this on in the store and almost considered buying it until i looked at the price tag. i think it's unique and interesting. i just don't think it's worth the $$$. the fabric is nothing special and the construction is not complicated enough to warrant the cost. i would consider it on sale. retailer has more interesting sweaters made with softer blends for a similar price - all things considered i don't think it's a smart purchase.
I ordered this online and was surprised to see yellow in the pattern when it arrived. i can't see that in the online photo. i didn't like the pattern at all when i saw it for real. the shirt is very loose  fits much like the model photo (i ordered a small  5'6 140lbs). just looks kind of frumpy and the pleat down the front makes the front hang heavily.
This blouse is very pretty  but it does gap at the top button. darn! such a hassle to have to return it  or exchange it. but i love it and otherwise it seems to fit.
Loved this tee but embroidery started to unravel even before being washed. i paid full price for this top and wasn't disappointed but needed to return due to the embroidery problem. this tee is a mustard color.
I agree with the other reviewers that this runs big. unfortunately there is nothing smaller than an xs so this is going back. i love the lyocell material  i have another skirt with this material and wanted to love this as well but it is too big and with the drawstring pulled tight to fit it doesn't look right. it is not as pictured as well. the skirt i received is a medium blue denim  not the lovely light blue as pictured  another reason why i am returning.
This fabric of this top is gorgeous. however  i'm 5' 5" and it hits in a really weird spot. right no the point of the hip that you don't want to accentuate. you could wear it with leggings to a casual thing  but i work in an office so its too short to wear with leggings and too long to wear with jeans. sad  i love the top 90% of it.
This shirt is a great deal on sale i would not pay full price.i got it in the honey color and it is really cute. this shirt does run very large. i normally wear a small or size 4 to 6 and i was lost in a size 6. i went with a size 2 and it was perfect for sizing purposes i am a 34c and 5'3" 112lbs..shirt is a bit lightweight so it is nice for summer or year round.
I love this dress! it's cotton  but thicker/ higher quality. i'm going to wear it for nights out and to dinner this summer  and it's thicker material  so i won't even have to wear a bra with it ! it's a little lower cut  so be careful. i'm 5'3 and the extra small hits me right above my ankle
The dress is well made with a great material. it is extremely long and unless you are tall it would overpower many petite women. i returned it.
This blouse was exactly what i was looking for. perfect for those last balmy days of summer. fabric a bit sheer  but it flows beautifully and the pleating details and higher neckline make this top truly stunning. it is very flowy  so if you're looking for something more fitted  this might not be for you.
Fits well through the shoulders and arms  but there is zero waist  and it just looks like a bunch of extra fabric hanging from the top. super cute  but have to return because of that.
I love this dress! it is comfortable and pretty  well made and classic. it edges toward the larger size however it is supposed to be big. i got a small and at first it looked too big but the shoulders are perfect. i feel like sissy spacek in this gown and you will also!
This top is perfect! i'm 5'9" and a medium build  and it's hard to find tops that have long enough sleeves. this is really long! i love the weight of the fabric - perfect under a coat and heavy enough for cool texas winter days. the fabric is really soft and the color is a blue-ish grey. the style is feminine but not too girlie. it's my new go to top!!
Soft and stylish - my usual large seems a bit too large  so i will try a medium.
Like another reviewer mentioned  this shirt is way too short. i'm only 5'2" (xs) and there is no way this top would tuck in like on the model. also  the quality isn't great as it's very thin and there are strings hanging from some of the seams in the front. it's a shame b/c the print is really pretty and there is this cute little bicycle charm on the tag which makes it feel more unique. sadly  it's going back!
I have mixed feelings about htis top  it is a nice shape and comfortable  fits triue t o size  but hte fabric is thin adn sheer. i decided to keep in mind if it goes on sale. the 0 fit me perfectly. (115 lbs  3-dd chest).
Oh dear. the elastic waistband just ruined this skirt for me--it made it look so cheap. i assumed from the photograph that the skirt was a knit over a structured lining with a real waistband with a zip. instead  it's a sweatshirt knit with no lining and elastic. it looked cheap and hung a bit baggy from the elastic waist  making it a no-go for me.
This dress is much cuter in person than it looks on the model online. it's so flattering  it fits like a dream  and i love the fabric. i love that the skirt is a true a-line  not poofy  so it's sleek  slimming and flattering. the neckline is feminine and gorgeous and is a bit sexy  while still being classy. oh  and the length  perfection! not too long  not too short. i never ever pay full price and for this dress i had to. i am a curvy size 4 and it fits perfectly true to size. i couldn't be hap
I ordered the red in size m. for reference i am 5'8" with a long-ish torso. i would have been comfortable wearing the sweater with mid or high-rise jeans but it's fairly short. color was gorgeous. the balloon sleeves and seams just seemed too 1980s in a bad way on me. those with small chests may have better luck. i left like a suburban mom in it.
Let me start off by saying i never write reviews  but feel compelled to so that no one else gets swindled into buying this beautiful one-time wear piece. i absolutely fell in love with this shirt when i bought it in the fall in black... perfect basic to wear under my new draped open vest from retailer! and perfect fit! i'm long torso-ed and long armed and always have trouble with fit. this being kind of oversized was just loose enough and long enough i could actually feel comfortable wearing it wi
This sweater is adorable and comfortable  but the poms are barely secured so they just pop off whenever they rub up against anything. i cannot even imagine trying to wash it. unfortunately  i will reluctantly be returning it because the construction is very poor.
I got this in the color listed as pink. it's not a usual pink. the fit is good--not too tight and not too loose. the length is good for a tee.
This kimono is gorgeous and i've gotten many compliments. it looks good with a t-shirt and jeans or with something dressier. i love it.
Material is a little think and they run a bit long like many other retailer pants. otherwise  a great deal if you get them on sale.
Love this dress! runs big though  size down
This blouse runs large  billows out slightly  and hangs in a boxy straight way. i'm normally a medium but can probably wear a small in this blouse. the blouse is lined with a light-weight material but i can still see through it just a little bit. although very pretty  the blouse can snag easily so be careful when wearing. regardless  i plan to return for a small because this blouse is beautiful and unique. perfect for fall with its warm colors or summer because it's light weight.
I'm a short girl  but i usually wear tops in a small or medium at retailer. for me  i would have needed this shirt in a size at least one notch smaller than even offered. this shirt is adorable. love the details. i wanted it so bad  which is why i paid so much for a basic t-shirt. still  it was large to the point of frumpiness and could have used some sort of scoop or v-neck to break up the dots.
I ordered this in a medium and although the details/design of the shirt were cute  the "swing" did not work for me this time around. i typically like looser fitting tops  but with this shirt i felt like there was just too much material and made me feel like i was wearing a tent.
This shirt is made of fabric so soft you can practically feel it with your eyes. i saw it right when i walked into the store and knew that i had to have it. it is unlike any fabric i've ever had: a soft two-ply  almost gauzy cotton. one cute detail is that the "inside" layer is a smaller windowpane plaid than the outside layer. so cute! and so soft! one thickness above cheesecloth  i would say. and like cheesecloth  it has a natural "give" within the weave  but it is not stretchy. the shoulders
The skirt that i received had very little blue or green in it  and was mostly white  yellow and some red. the fit was fine but the quality for the price was not there for me. the lack of quality and the disappointment in the quality equals a return.
I was so disappointed when i received this top. the color is some washed-out faded version of the picture shown and the cut is much fuller than it looks in the picture. the back is cute but not worth the awful  drab actual color.
This is my first ever review! these pants are 5-star fantastic. ordering additional colors because i love these so much and am finding i want to wear them every day. i initially ordered the bronze color which is superb  just beautiful. i was worried it might be too bright to wear to work  or be a different hue in real life  but they look just like the picture. to my happy surprise they dress up easily. it's a really rich color that i have been able to pull off at work with long sweaters and boot
I love the look of this dress but the length feels a little awkward which might be my height (5'4"). i'm thinking about having it altered  not sure if i will do that or return it. i love the colors and the back cut out  it may be a better length for taller individuals.
The black band seemed to cut across the widest part of my hips  emphasizing them. the pants are sheer. the fabric was not comfortable against my skin. overall  the pants were a miss.
I've always had great difficulty finding a pair of shorts that i like the fit of - most are either too short  too thin  too low  or too tight. i have athletic legs that "mainstream" fit doesn't work well with  for the most part.    fortunately  that was not the case with the neda shorts. i was first drawn to them because of the striking but subtle pattern - and they also fit well  with a good length and a structured fit. they have a medium-high waistband and a slight stretchiness  and the fabric
I was not shopping for a dress and somehow came home with this. in person the material and embroidery are just so stunning that i found myself picking it up. i was sold after trying it on. the material is very soft  both feels and looks extremely high quality. and for a basic shirtdress  it is amazingly flattering. follows curves without clinging to them. i'm 5'4"  123 lbs  usually wear a small in tops/dresses & purchased the size 4  which fit perfectly. i'm slightly chesty (34d) so sometimes ha
It is gorgeous  and yes  the side slits are very high  but i am still keeping and rocking it. i am a size 10-12 and got the large  probably could have got the medium  but after a few washings  i think the larger size will be ok. side slits high  but if the weather is good  and you have self tanner on legs  it looks great with shortie boots. i have gotten many cmpliments on it  just hope it still keeps its shape after a long day of wear. very pretty in cream  though  i do recommend it. i am 5'8 
I love the look of this right away. i found it ran small to retailer's clothes (where i'm inexplicably a xs or s here i was a m). i also am a dd  so would have appreciated more support  but as the other reviewer  i can get away with it to wear this cute suit.
I saw this online and thought the idea was super cute  but was not sure if it would be worth the money because it looks typical. but  when i went to the store to try it on  i saw it was anything but typical. the fit is perfect and the fabric so soft. i wanted the dress in the green  but they were already sold out in my size at the store  so i had to order it online. i cannot wait until it comes in! i will wear this often during the summer.
The embroidery and side zip were well constructed. the fabric holds onto wrinkles and creases  so after a period of sitting  there are several creases pointing to one's crotch area. this isn't too noticeable  but definitely makes this a more informal garment.
Way too much fabric; sticks out like jodhpurs but from the hip - eek! might be a great dress in rayon or a drapey fabric  but the extra fabric just piles up on itself... the outer layer also doesn't feel like it will breath. add the cotton lining  and i think it will feel miserable in the heat of the texas summer. returning.
I am almost always an xs in bottoms (sz 0-2) but literally couldn't get the stretchy waistband (no zip or fastening) in xs up my hips. in addition  the "brocade" is a very lightweight polyestery  tinselly weave--does not suggest quality. as others have noted  it also runs short; i'm 5'3'' and this was a little below knee length on me  not ankle-length. i've had luck with retailer's sale section in the past  including some items that didn't always start off with the best reviews  but have no regret
Gorgeous embroidering and feel -- very soft for wool. this is a lot lighter than more jackets but with good layering can be worn in the winter. i'm 5ft tall and 150 lbs  curvy and hourglass; this hugs my curves beautifully in a size small and gives me a feminine shape. it runs up to my knees and the sleeves are a bit long which will be hemmed soon. i wanted the petite but it was sold out  honestly this is perfect minus the arms. the quality is gorgeous -- so soft and inviting to wear. it runs la
This tunic could be great but there is some weird construction going on at the armhole. first of all  the armhole is way too low! second  there is a totally unnecessary side seam zipper under the arm. since this is a tunic it slips over the head no problem. no need for the side zipper  it adds bulk and distorts the way the fabric should hang at the side.
Perfect summer dress! this is a must buy! it can be dressed up or down
I tried this on and think it will look great with leggings and boots. it's very flattering without being too tight or too baggy. some of retailer's clothes are just too full and baggy for me and make me look large. i am 5'4" 140 lbs and ordered the medium which fits perfectly. i ordered both the navy and yellow  but the yellow has not arrive yet.
I bought this in navy  medium  after looking at it online and reading all of the reviews. i am so glad i did. it hangs beautifully  and i have worn it nearly every day since it arrived. i am 5'3"  and 34 dd on top  with narrow shoulders and a short torso  so not easy to fit. this is very well made  and a medium to heavy cotton perfect for spring and foggy evenings in california. in fact i am wearing my new sweater over my friday casual tee at work today. if you ware hesitating the purchase at co
I wanted to love this sweater but it is a return. it is a very weird fit  very thick  rug-like material and unfitted. the shoulders are bulky  the top is big and the booty is small. i am 5'2"  34c and typically wear a small. the arms were very long  way too long. i will say other than that the top was true to size  may look okay on someone who had a larger chest and a smaller bum!
There was nothing i liked about this coat. it was definitely not designed with a chest in mind. the pins on the straps were already coming off the first time i tried it on. i usually like oranges too  but even this color turned me off.
Since this sold out so fast i ordered an xsp which is too short (i'm 5'5")  it also is too big! the empire waist has no shape or flatter  the sleeves are huge  the neckline was falling off my shoulder  i put it on and instantly knew this was all wrong.   the print is very fun and my guess is that's what is attracting everyone to it.  it looked like a big floppy mess of cute fabric on me.  back it goes.
These are the perfect light weight relaxing summer pants!  the fabric is soft and light  and has some stretch  so i think they can be worn more fitted way  too.   i don't want to show off my bottom half of my body shape  so these are perfect ones to be a bit loose to covers the silhouette but still looks feminine & not too loose.   i''m 5'3  115 lb and usually wear 25-26 jeans  25 petite gave me the perfect relaxed look without losing the feminine look. i think 24 could fit as well  but would sn
Love this sweater.. fits perfect  flattering and soft. i got it in both colors. it is a true staple!
This skirt was horrible on me. it was loose in the waist  tight in the hips and poofed out like crazy at the tiered part on the bottom. the material also felt cheap and clingy. i guess the fit is tts  but it's hard to tell given how strange the cut was.
I purchased the green print which has so many patterns and colors which makes this dress have a very interesting look. i love that it has a drop waist because it is so flattering to most body types.the other thing i liked was that this dress came in petite sizes  perfect for me.
I'm very disappointed in the quality. it seems more like a pajama than a tunic. definitely not worth 100.00 dollars. i plan to return it.
I love this! i will sport it in the spring with white capris/ leggings and awesome for a beach cover-up! the fit is comfy the embroidery gives it a feminine touch. i purchased the large but could've gotten away with a slender fit in medium. i am 5'4 170 lbs.
This sweater runs true to size. i am 5'7' and 125 lbs and ordered the small. it has a beautiful mix of colors that reminds me of a creamsicle. it is a well made  heavy sweater that will definitely keep you warm. if you like the feel of wool  buy it. if not  pass on it.
I've been stalking this top online and finally went into the store today to see it.  i'm so glad i did!  the colors are very vibrant and the material is soft and very lightweight.  the cut covers a regular bra pretty well (a big plus!) and makes my arms look good!  i can't wait to wear this  it will be a perfect dressy top for the higher heat days!
I want to wear this skirt every day - it's so much fun to wear and versatile and i just feel great wearing it! can dress it up or down - it's pretty darn fabulous! i highly recommend it - you'll be grateful and feel pretty!
This sweater is ok. i love  love  love bell sleeves so i thought for sure this would be perfect. i thought it would be a great sweater to transition from winter to spring  but once it arrived  i knew i had to return. the sleeves are not only bell but very long and the sweater fits chunky on your midsection. i like my sweaters more flowy. if you like fitted-style sweaters that are a bit roomy you would like this once. also  it's a bit itchy for me-but i'm rather sensitive and if i'd loved this on
This product was offered in a pink color which compliments many color palettes. perfect for layering.
Nice quality  not too thin like most white tops and the arms are cut just right. perfect length too.
I love this shirt  in fact  i love all bordeaux tops from retailer. i followed the instructions to hand wash only and after it was wet and then lay flat to dry  it may fit a child. it is a belly top. i want to love this  but it shrunk so bad even with the hand wash only instructions.
Nice dress  but the leather seats of my car were ruined when the sharp metal beads on the back made deep scratches~ not fun at all. now i must carefully take them out  bad design feature.
I want to love this dress. the colors and pattern are gorgeous  and i love the hemline. but something seems off in the chest and shoulders area. it almost feels a little slouch-y.
I was so excited about these pants but they were a total disappointment in person. the fabric is a rough gauzy texture. the bottom has a big hem that weighs down the pants and makes them hang funny like you are walking on stilts or something  they do not hang or move well on the body. also  they are very long but small in the waist and have a high crotch so the fit is pretty off. sadly  these are going back.
This top has great detailing and color. does run a little big  but adds to the style and movement of the tank. the stitching around the bottom makes it cute for layering.
I ordered this in white. the material is similar to a polo shirt  which i hadn't counted on. it was also on the large size and just unflattering on me. still  the quality seemed to be good.
This dress is very cute! i loved it. the quality is excellent. however  the fit is off. i'm 5"1  107lbs  32c. this dress was roomy in the bust and was a little too broad shouldered. it was tight around the waist. this caused creasing and buldging in the back. the color is much more vibrant in person. i would have kept it  if it fit properly.
I was attracted to the colors when i first saw it...then i saw the back of it! the largest sz in the store was an 8.i had to order it  and got a sz 10. i then returned it for a 12 in order for it to drape properly in front. shorter than i usually wear  but worn with a higher waist bottom it fits nicely. and that back! not only is is striking  i am able to wear my regular bra under it  and the straps don't hang out.
I ordered this online in the cream color and because some of the reviews mentioned the shorter back  i went with a medium  but that ended up running too big. i typically wear between a 4 and a 6 / small and medium so i'm always on the fence about which size to get. i often order both online and return the one that doesn't fit as well  so i wish i had this time too! the detail on the front is super cute and i didn't even mind the plainer back  but the sleeves went well past my wrist and i felt li
I have had this dress for a few months now and find it is super comfortable for the hot weather and can go dressy or casual with the right accessories. it does run large in xxs; the xxs petite fit a little better by was way too short for me. even better is that you can wash on the super gentle cycle and lay flat to dry. yes it says dry clean only  but its is made of cupro and you should be able to wash that material. i have washed mine several times and it has never shrunk or lost shape. the she
This is a cute dress  but it runs very large through. if i had decided to keep it  i would have taken it to my seamstress to remove some of the volume. when i ordered  i assumed it was red and black checked  but it is navy. my black cropped leather jacket and boots won't work with those colors  so it is going back.
In contrast to the other reviewer  i love this dress. worth the sale price at least.
I'm 5'7"  135 lbs  slender bone structure. the medium fit well in the front but hung to the back of knees in back...just way too long. it would work best on someone closer to 6' tall.
I love these jeans-the minute you put them on they feel broken in and comfortable. they do have a long inseam and need to be worn with a stacked heel but that adds to the aesthetic. i ordered my normal size-i usually wear a 27 and could have kept them-but wanted a snugger fit through the bum. so i gave them to a friend and ordered one size down and got the perfect fit for me.
I was really excited to get this dress and to my dismay when i pulled it out of the package i could tell i would be disappointed. i tried it on and i was correct....it looked like i was wearing a huge tent. i returned it.
I am usually drawn to more color but the vertical and horizontal lines of this dress made me curious. the fit is absolutely incredible! i like the fact that it is very easy to put on without any zippers or buttons as well. it hugs your body in all the right places. i had no issue with the dress riding up and the way the designer placed the lines makes this one even more flattering. gorgeous dress!!
I got a petite  i'm 5'5" and this comes to my ankles. pleats are attractive but not sure if they will hold up after cleaning  otherwise i would give higher marks for quality. overall unusual and a keeper.
I purchased this amazing tunic in-store in the plaid pattern  and couldn't be more thrilled with it. i can already see myself overwearing it  because it's so pretty and easy. i typically wear an xs  and sometimes petite styles. the regular small fits very well. i'm sure the xs would have been alright  but i like the way my forearms don't feel constricted where it buttons  and sizing up seemed to help with gaping by the button holes. i love the way this looks with a variety bottoms and shoes. it
Love the softness and the length. the color was perfect. but you have be be a very skinny almost boney person for you to not show imperfections to your body. the fabric is not thick enough and does not have the give to over shadow normal imperfections. will be returning the sweater.
After reading every review  i was certain i knew exactly what i was getting with this dress. wrong. i sized up from a small to a medium and the dress was still uncomfortably tight on my rib cage. the top is very exposing of the bust  and i'm small busted. i can't stand wearing camis  so there no way i'd be able to wear this dress even if i sized up again to a large. for reference  i'm 5'6"  a straight build 134 lbs  and wear a 6. pluses on this dress are  i loved the green color and length of sk
Very happy with my purchase. fit very nice! already received compliments!
I ordered this in a m and it was just a big boxy tent. i really wanted to love it since the length is good for leggings and throwing on to cart kids around. it just was so big and had no shape at all. it's possible i should have sized down to a small  but i'm sending it back.
I ordered this in a 4 (34b  140lbs.  5'8") because it looked like it would run big  and it definitely does! the 4 fit comfortably but the cut of this dress made me look about 10 lbs. heavier than i am. i am pear-shaped and this dress made me look very bottom heavy  so i returned it. that said  the material is gorgeous!  as it is the perfect weight and the colors are much more striking and complementary in person. if i had a straight(er) silhouette and a larger bust  this dress would have been a
It is a beautiful coat  runs small. arms feel tight  i am typically xs  i can't even button it up. bottom is skirted  and falls beautifully. it is light weight coat  not really fit for cold weather.
Several months ago i bought the byron lars pieced brocade dress (size 10) it's a little large through the torso area but with the belt it fits good enough. since i have loved this dress so much i wanted another byron lars dress so i bought the carissima sheath and the sunrose dress both in a 10. they both were way too big so i ordered a size 8 and they both just barely fit ??? oh was i disappointed....so one more try  i ordered this dress the allusione sheath size 10  and yepeee it fits perfect
I loved this shirt when i purchased it but it shrank badly and the front seam (on mine) was crooked. no longer have my receipt so not sure i can return it~ sigh. i do love the pilcro chinos i bought to go with it however!
I just received my back-ordered wildberry top in blue. it's not blue but instead a dull  mottled purplish hue. it looks like a well-worn  stretched out tee shirt with a tired ruffle along the bottom. so disappointing. it's going back for sure.
Ordered two of these and they fit great and will be perfect for layering.  true to size fit.  cute detail in the back for a racer tank!
I was so excited when i purchased this top! it was going to be my go to for running around  as it looked super cute with leggings and boots! the softness alone made me feel like i was wearing my pajamas.....so comfy! that all changed after one washing......it is now pilling and not nearly as soft as before! makes me sad  but it is going back!
I love this sweater jacket! found it on the sale rack in a medium and fits like a medium would fit from my adored retailer! i am 5 4' inches and 34dd chest and curvy 145 lbs. the knitted detailed collar is a show stopper and what makes this item look like an an old school retailer item. the color is really not orange but more of a vintage rose with hints of rust and soft shades of pink. i love this color and i think it would look beautiful on many skin tones. i paired it with a pink blouse from anth
I wish this came in a petite size! i'm going to do my best to add some stitches in the ruching to keep the middle taught. i'm busty (32 ddd) and the suit had plenty of coverage and lift. i will need to make additional loops in the back latch but this piece is worth all the extra work. i was surprised this worked so well for a short curvy figure. i ordered a medium.
Look carefully at the pics of the back. if this style and the color suit you  just go ahead and order this one. it looks just like the pics  and is light  comfortable and true to size. the kind of top you can throw on when you are in a hurry and look great. however  because the back is sheer from halfway down  maybe not for work if you work in an office. moth is one of my favorite brands at retailer and this one is easy-peasy. i am 5'3"  34c/28/38 and ordered the regular s.
Was looking for a cute off the shoulder top and this is a fun one. can be worn both on or off the shoulders. nice length and the pink is a beautiful raspberry color. love the linen blend too. i'm a size 2 and i ordered the xs. flows away from body - -it's a bit big but i like the style.
I am sooooooo massively disappointed in this purchase. i thought i had found the perfect pant in this style. both more comfortable and more flattering than similar styles in the store. i wanted to wear them every day; received lots of compliments; felt that you could dress up or down; etc. this is where i have to admit that i wore them several times straight from the store before washing. on the second wear  i noticed threads coming out on the seams  but just on one side of one leg. this was irr
I kept this one because it was different enough and good to wear casually and to work. i'm not sure how this material will hold up with washing  since it's basically a thin cotton material. it fits perfectly  so i'm worried that it will shrink. i give it a thumbs up for the design  but sale cost and material is like something you would find at forever 21.
Dress is very pretty  but very short  almost tunic length.
Fits like a maternity top. not for my age group or build.
This is a simple  light-weight tunic top. the construction is fine. overall  i'm happy to see a basic executed well.
I ordered this in size xl and ended up returning it as soon as i received it. the color was just as pretty in person. the thick eyelet panel was well done. the problem is the whole tank was much smaller/tighter than pictured. i have several tops from this maker and was surprised how this was cut too small compared to their normal fit. i'm pear-shaped  so the hip area looked terrible. but  the whole top just wasn't up to the typical fitting standards for xl. retailer has done much better in the pas
Super cute pants but pleats fan out too much when you are pear shaped. i would also need to shorten pants too look like the picture.
The embroidery on this dress is beautiful in person. perfect dress for fall.
The jumpsuit is very pretty but it's definitely not meant for women who are on the curvier side or shorter. plus it sort of looks like pajamas on. i am 5'7 and i wanted to to look similar to the model in the picture but it comes down to my ankles so it would look best on taller/thin woman.
I found the fit of this dress odd. i typically wear a 6 or 8 in dresses. the 6 fit across the chest but the armholes were large so wearing a bra would be a challenge. i am a 34c so i need some type of support. i also thought the fabric was a bit flimsy for the price. i am a huge retailer fan and usually leave glowing reviews but sadly i left this one in the store.
Love the fit....not so tight you can wear a short top with these  but not slouchy either. color goes with everything. for wrinkles  i hung them and sprayed with water...wrinkles gone. bought 2 pair for traveling.
I love tunics  i love sweaters  i love turquoise. i ordered this in large  and it fits well  but the arms are very long. i don't like constantly pushing sleeves up so i wear it with the cuffs turned back. a previous reviewer commented on the length and another about the bagginess. i didn't have issues with either. it hits just above my knee (5'5") and it is appropriately proportioned around the the body of the sweater. so what's my reservation? how the sweater is more delicate than it seems. the
It's rare for a dress to completely not work on me  but this dress completely did not work on me. i'm tall and have an hourglass figure. i got this dress in my usual size s. this dress somehow made me look ridiculously pear shaped. the empire type bust of the dress made both my bust (32c) and my waist look pretty much non-existent. it looked so bad on me i actually laughed. it's a shame though  because i had been eyeing this dress for a long time. and it is a beautiful dress  but i would not rec
I know you've heard it before  but this dress is so much more beautiful in person! i'm petite  usually size 4 but busty  so i tried the 4 and the 6 in the store. the 4 fit perfectly except it was a bit snug at the bust so the the slit pulled open  revealing a bit more cleavage than i wanted. the 6 fit perfectly through the bust  and although it was a bit loose through the body  the cut was still very flattering. i also tried the 6p  which fit but i preferred the longer length of the regular 6.
I absolutely love this sweater  very comfortable and flattering!!! i'm thinking of buying it in another color!!!
I normally wear a medium in retailer dresses  but ordered a small due to the reviews that stated how large this dress is. they weren't exaggerating!!!! the small was way too big for me  and the xxs and xs are already sold out. beware that you will have to size down at least 2 sizes to make the dress fit similar to the model pictured. it is going back for me!
It runs large. loose or oversized tops don't bother me so i thought it would be fine  but this just made me look wider then i am. is thin and too sheer for me as well. it was just so unflattering. i had to return it.
Don't be fooled by the photos online. the color is a bright baby blue  not pale blue. it's a beautifully designed dress  however  the material is so bulky and heavy. it's so unflattering. i was afraid to try it on and my fears came true: this dress just hung on me and pulled me down. i wanted so much to love it  but i returned it.
Lovely dress  but i would recommend ordering a size smaller than you normally do.
I'm 5'2"  weigh 120 lb.. i ordered p6 and found the torso too short. if i bent forward or kneeled down that fabric would ride ride up into my butt big time. the top was a little loose too. i'm 35ab cup. i love the colors and geometric design. sadly i have to return.
I really wanted to like this top. in person though  the fit was too large and boxy. i did order a smaller size based on other reviews but it was still too sacklike. i got the grey motif pattern which i thought was quite pretty and interesting. the material was nice and lightweight. perhaps it would look better on someone with a straight figure and small bust.
This runs really large. i love it! sold out of xs p and xxs p... go figure :( size down if you are slim.
This is a nicely made and comfortable sweater that is fun to wear. i have worn it with jeans and a t shirt and have received compliments on it.
I love tracy reese dresses  but this one is not for the very petite. i am just under 5 feet tall and usually wear a 0p in this brand. this dress was very pretty out of the package but its a lot of dress. the skirt is long and very full so it overwhelmed my small frame. not a stranger to alterations  shortening and narrowing the skirt would take away from the embellishment of the garment. i love the color and the idea of the style but it just did not work on me. i returned this dress.
Very cute jumpsuit  especially for those who want to ease into the jumpsuit style. it looks very much like a dress but is very flattering as a jumpsuit because of the wide legs. the pattern is striking and bold but not garish. it has a low plunging neckline so you may need a camisole underneath (i did!) even though it has padding for those who want to go braless. i purchased a 2p and it fit my 5'3  115 lbs frame perfectly. i would highly recommend!
High quality  great color  loved the neckline. unfortunately a little too snug on me so it showed my bulges on waist and back. not too snug if you don't have that problem. i loved this shirt but had to return it.
I have been searching for a pale pink sweater for fall. the color and fit is much prettier than the way it is photographed here. i think it will look great over denim  grey  or olive green dresses and shirts.
Love these jeans! they are the perfect relaxed fit; not too baggy  and a straight style. i did size down  because i wanted to wear them as shown. i was afraid that they would ride too low on my hips. glad i did! i usually wear size 29/6 and took a 28 in this pair. the color and denim weight is also great.
The only reason i gave this top a 4 star  is that it didn't have enough room around the bust area. i'm a d cup  and the front didn't button properly. but for the price i paid (40% off sale price)  i have no coplaints.  i would recommend.
I'm 5.1 and always bought 27p. they didn't have petite anymore  so i bought 27r  knowing that it'll hit my ankle instead of being cropped. it's very cute as an ankle-length with some flare. my only issue is that the 27r was very tight around the crotch and upper thigh. it's a very tight fit just right there!... and not enough of stretch to be comfortable when sitting. i wonder if it will stretch out a bit more from wear? i then ordered a 28r to see if that fits better  and it fits a tad loose ev
I ordered the chelan wrap coat in the beautiful red color. it's artsy and will be fun to wear with jeans and other casual clothing. it's super comfy and fits true to size.
This truly is a dress and not a tunic. i normally wear a medium but they were sold out so i thought i would try a l petite. i am only 5'4 and the large p was really long. i could definitely wear as a dress with tights. i am hoping it comes back in stock so i can try a medium p. unfortunately it is going back. cute sweater as pictured on the model!
Simply awesome. wonderful fit and flatters any body type. looks great booties  flats  or flip flops. must have ...
I loved this when i got it. it has such a flattering fit! slightly loose in the body  but not flowy. nice weight of fabric. comfortable fabric. perfect scoop neck that doesn't show too much cleavage. but i washed it once on delicate and line dried (which i do with most of my shirts) and it came out riddled in holes.
Based on others' reviews  i knew i needed to try this beauty on to be sure of my size. as others mentioned  it runs 1-2 sizes large. but  unlike others  i don't feel i need a belt at the waist. i am 5'2" 140# 34d and with my body style (super short and not super slim in the waist but also busty) this is the perfect boho fit and the perfect drape!!!  and the design and quality are superb to boot!!!
I was looking for a dress that had a lot of color. since i usually stick to neutrals  this was out of my comfort zone  but i found this one and loved it. it's comfortable  not clingy  and i can wear a regular bra (bonus!). i wish the waist wasn't dropped  but i think it worked well. i plan on wearing it more in the spring/summer  dressing it up or down will be easy.     i'm usually a size 12 and this fit true to size.
Had to take a needle and pull threads to the back so not visible and i see this as an ongoing problem.
This shirt is much more flattering in person. if i hadn't seen it in store  i don't think it would have caught my eye. i like the mix of casual and dressy this top has (i got it specifically for teaching). the one thing i noticed  however  was that the first xs i tried on looked very big on me. i tried a second on and the fit was much more flattering! i highly recommend that you try on the specific blouse you plan to purchase before you actually buy it. i'm glad i tried a second on  because i th
This item is huge. i'm normally a medium  sized down to a small  still massive. couldn't go too much smaller because the buttons would pull at the chest. but the sleeves are very wide  as is the waist. way too much fabric. i had high hopes for this one but it just doesn't work. for reference i love billowy and flowy tops  but this was a tent.
I loved this skirt. so flattering and such a beautiful fabric. unfortunately after only 2 wears  the waistband stretched out so much that it was falling off me (literally). i bought the right size and it was not too tight. the waist band material simply lost its stretch very quickly. very disappointing.
These are more than what i had expected! they're beautiful and fit like a glove. i'm thrilled that i purchased them.
I love this dress. i typically do not like or wear dresses often  and definitely not this style. i'm glad i tried something different. i received numerous compliments on how flattering and attractive it is. yes the belt is only in the front  but i cinched it very tight and it pulled the back in. i bought size s. it was very form fitting in the top and waist  and not too big through the hips. i have a 38" bust and i can button all the top without pulling. i wore it with black tights and high brow
Got this in purple and love it! ordered red and silver and only received red so far  but had to return because it was oddly shaped and didn't fit well like the purple. not sure what happens. maybe miss sized?
I joked with my husband that if i were with the resistance  (star wars)  this is what i would wear! i actually really like it. it will look best with a girly skirt and blouse. the quilting is lightweight and the fit is slim. well made too.
It's exactly how it appears in the pictures-awesome shirt
Love the way this top fits. got many compliments on it! wish the arm holes were a little closer fit - can see the bra peeking out a teensy bit.
It was very pretty but it ran very big   sadly i had to return it.
Got this on sale in black and red  and have only worn the black. quality is poor  seems to stretch out over the course of the day and loses its shape somewhat. a smaller size may keep its shape better so you may want to size down. not worth full price.
This top is beautiful - even more so in person. however  like a previous reviewer  the fit is very boxy. there is so much excess fabric that poofs out on the sides that you can't see in the photos due to the model's cardigan and arms. if this top had been a bit longer and more fitted  without all the excess fabric at the bottom  it would have been perfect. again  the color  the lace  the fabric and the pleating is all gorgeous. would love it if the designer took this into consideration and came
I am 5' 5" 150 lb and i usually wear a 10 or 12 in tops because i don't like clothing too tight on top. i took a chance and got the xl because it was all that remained. now i wish i could be more! please bring this back retailer!
I was very surprised to see such dark blue sequence on this dress. it did not appear as it did on the photo. i was pretty disappointed by the color. the photo of the dress is much more impressive.
I really loved the pattern on this shirt and the colors were nice too. something a little different than a plain white shirt. however  it was a little boxy on me and the material was kind of stiff (i am realizing that i am a sucker for soft material?). if this goes on sale  i may purchase it again  but i did end up returning the shirt.
This is a relatively cute top when you try it on. however  i don't think it will hold it's shape after even just 1 wear. it also doesn't seem like you could wash it without ruining it (like a shirt form a 'throw-away' cheap clothing store). i checked the fabric tag and it is a very high % viscose - meaning  it won't last long at all. i'm returning and feel frustrated with how cheap the fabric is.
I was excited to receive this dress because it seemed like a beautiful  breezy dress for summer. unfortunately i didn't find the fit to be very flattering. as two other reviewers mentioned there is too much fabric creating an odd bunching especially at the back waistline. i also found the dress to be a little tight across the bustline  upper arms and shoulders. the bunching can be improved by pulling the fabric of the dress forward in the front but this creates more of a plunging neckline than i
This dress has gorgeous fabric and impeccable quality construction! i'm 5'4 118lbs and large busted (32. dd). i am usually an overall size 4 but when buying dresses usually have to purchase a six to accommodate my chest. i ordered a size 4 because that was the only size left and was going to take a chance . it fit perfect across the chest but the overall dress is enormous! does not even slightly silhouette your figure. it is like a giant stiff triangle. i was going to return but was so hesitant
Seemed pretty shapeless which surprised me because of the design. perhaps it was just too big. returned it.
I bought the rose and the sapphire during the xtr 40% off clearance. i'm just under 5'4"  curvy & usually wear med petite in retailer dresses. i ordered a mr because  being sale items  only regular sizing was available. a sp would have been much better! the dress hit about 3" below my knee and the crisscross top made my bust look matronly. a snugger fit would have been sexier. the rose was darker than pictured & pretty  but eh on me. however  the sapphire was gorgeous. i'm sad about returning it.
It's such a beautiful skirt  i kept it around and tried it on with every top i own but i could not get the right look. the waist "poofs" out right below the waistband so any shirt worn over it makes you look frumpy. tucking a shirt in didn't look right because of the poof. it doesn't do anything to flatter a figure. the skirt itself is gorgeous. for the price  i need to make sure my clothes make me look good too! reluctantly i had to return it. i was hoping it would be my summer go-to skirt.
Amazing color- true to picture. it runs a bit large  even with layering underneath. i'm usually a 10/12 / l / 34d in tops and i needed the medium for a nice fit. i'm long-ish in the torso  and this sweater fits just slightly cropped  so really perfect with a longer button down underneath. the buttons on the back are a nice detail.
I wanted this this top when i saw it online but was hesitant when i read the review however i went to the store and was able to try it on  good thing. i'm not a fan of the off white/beige material but really like the black style. i had no problem with the shoulders staying down. idid get it in a small a size up for me.
Great fit and dark color; thick yet very soft denim. only surprise for me was that the lacing is in the front (i was expecting it to be on the sides)  but i love them anyway!
This is a heavy dress - it's surprising when you lift up the hanger how much it weighs because it looks like a light sundress. and on my frame  which is pretty thin  it hits my shoulders and then my hips and just falls... so the heft of it means there's no waistline... it's an odd fit. the color is gorgeous  but the lack of shape made this a no.
I got this to wear as a beach cover-up over bathing suits. if you purchased a darker color and were small chested (i.e.  you could go braless  since a bra won't work well with the low back and armholes)  you might be able to pull this off as a very casual dress. i bought this in a xs in the coral/peach (i'm 5'7"  129 lbs.  32dd) and it's not super see-through  but i'd never be comfortable wearing it as a dress on its own. as a beach cover-up it's cute and comfortable  but as a dress it would be
I loved this romper so much! the material is thin  but perfect for summer. the style is just what i was looking for. it's so so cute and fit perfectly...at first. i wore it one time and then washed it exactly as described on the tag and it shrunk beyond recognition. it went from loose and flowy  like on the model  to little booty shorts and a body suit...not the look i was going for. i am so disappointed.
This romper is so flattering. i normally don't like how short rompers are  but this fits and flares at the perfect spots on me. not to mention that it's super comfortable. i wore it last weekend and got a ton of complements. very happy i bought it! i normally wear a medium  but the small fit me perfectly?i'd recommend sizing down.
So sad becuase i like the design. i would not recomend the lack to anyone that does not live and work and shop in a completely immaculate environment. i wore this to work the day after purchasing and within three hours i honestly looked like i had slept in this sweater for three monthe straight. i had to take the sweater off and work in a t-shirt.   the marigold color may be better than the black abut showing lint but something intrinsic to the fabric really attracts lint like nothing i have eve
I ordered the sweater in a medium but it was too large - so reordered it in the small and it fits perfectly. love the length- it hits mid hip. it is more of an a-line than straight as show in the picture. the detail is fun and the sweater is well made. highly recommend it- i have received lots of compliments on this sweater.
I really love the idea behind this. however  the fit doesn't work for me. i'm usually a s or xs in retailer tops  and i often go with xs for sleeveless tops. this one runs small though - the xs was a bit too small on me based on length and width. the neckline was very high (higher than it looks in the model photo) and the armholes were too big. so i don't think sizing up would improve matters much due to the armhole issue. the other criticism is that the front is not lined.
I would have loved this sweater if it were true to the picture but the stripes are gray  not white. either i got a strange one or (as happens to me sometimes with retailer) the pictures are very misleading. disappointed because i wanted to love this.
For fuller busted folks  this top may not work as it's unstructured and results in a tent from the boobs down. it's a shame--i found the gold embellishment beautiful.
The shirt cuts too high up and is very awkward looking on. sent it back. wouldn't buy even on sale.
I stalked this blouse and when the price dropped  i pounced on the black. sadly  it did nothing for me. i'm a large  sometimes medium  but decided on the large. you'd think it came with its own cami at this price  but no. completely sheer. unwearable without one. the lace is nothing special. the collar is wider in the back  uncomfortable and pulls on the lace in the front. the high/low hem fit me oddly in the back. i'm returning this one.
The top is really cute  but it's see through and the material doesn't seem like the highest quality. definitely not worth the price.
The craftmanship & material (not itchy at all to me) are exquisite for this unique sweater/coat  but the shape is not for me. i have a slender build  5'8" 130 lbs  34 b chest (i oredered my usual sm  which fit)  and the silouette of this piece looked ridiculous on me. when buttoned  the top half was nicely fitted-- not snug; however  the lower half ballooned out to overemphasize the hips due to the pleating in back. the thing is  i have no hips  and having hips is a very good thing  though not i
I have been looking for a soft turtleneck that can be my to-go piece in the cold weather. this fits the bill as far as the material goes. the material used is very soft and even though it seems light in weight  it is actually very warm and not see through at all. i like the feel of this top. it would be pretty accurate to say that it feels as if i am wearing a blanket around me. it is that comfy!!! however  the one detail about this top that i am unsure about is the cut. it is very boxy to the e
Ordered this in xl- i usually am between l and xl. i'm 5'9" and thought it was cropped  boxy  and billowy around the midsection that was not flattering. the fabric is light and is less like a blazer  more like a cardigan.
I ordered this 3 months ago  and it finally came off back order. a huge disappointment. the fit wasn&#39;t so much the issue for me. the quality of the wool is subpar. someone else mentioned a &quot;felted wool&quot;...i guess  is that what you call it?  it does literally feel like felt! super thin  itchy  doesn&#39;t drape very well  and feels cheap (made in china). i got it on sale  but still not worth what i paid. definitely going back.
I love skorts! so when i saw this online i ordered my usual size 6. arrived today & really cute. fit is good w/ some room to spare. almost too big but i'll stick w/ the 6. looks as in the pic except the lower front part & the back has a metallic sparkly fiber in the fabric. not shown in the pic though. it's understated but attractive. the fabric patches give this skort a special uniqueness. casual or a little dressy  just love... 5'3"  117#.
This dress is very well made. the fabric is thick enough for winter weather and is great for work or a nice party. i do not think the arm openings are too large at all.
Very pretty top. runs a bit large (i generally take an xs and the xs in this top fits me a little longer and larger than on the model). comfortable and easy to wear. nice cut with angled front and bit longer back. did develop a small hole very quickly as some thinner and tissue tees do but hoping that's unusual as i did buy two different colors of this tee shirt and will be totally disappointed if this happens to both  especially at this price.
A serious joke. i struggled with the buttons for a good 10 minutes and gave up after the 3rd button. i'm not sure what they were thinking.
I was so excited to finally find a work appropriate contemporary pant that i wore them about 3 times in the first week. needless to say they needed to be washed  and i followed the care instructions by washing in cold water and laying flat to dry. after just a single wash in cold water  the pants faded to the point that they looked like they were three years old. so sad  luckily retailer took them back without a problem. be warned  these may need to be dry cleaned which is a lot of maintena
I didn't pay much attention to this shirt on the website...when i was in the store yesterday though  i grabbed the green color because it's so pretty! i went back home to see which shirt this was on the website and was surprised. the picture here really doesn't do it justice. it's very soft  has a beautiful and flattering necklace and the flutter sleeves hang nicely rather than puffing out (like snow white...which isn't my goal!). also  because the sleeves drape nicely  you could wear it under s
Perfect way to add warmth in transition weather
This is a cute tee but only if you get it on sale. i don't love the material. it seems flimsy and likely to get holes quickly. the pattern is pretty cute but nothing special. glad i got it on sale. as with all retailer tees  size down. xs works good for me.
I really like this shirt overall. i'm 5'2 and the petite sizes were sold out so i bought a regular. if you are short like me  beware that the sleeves am be almost comically long. while the shirt is stretchy  the cuffs are not so pushing the sleeves up isn't really an option. also  it had lots of loose  hanging threads straight out of the package. but overall  it's a keeper!
I loved it but can understand the mixed reviews. i am 5'7" and a size 2-4 usually. 32d. you need to be on the tall side for it to work. definitely will not work if you are petite. i can also see if you have a fuller chest how it would tent and look like a maternity top. i have that happen with off the shoulder styles. that said  if it works  it is great. i didn't size down went with s) because the xs didn't hang well. it was too short at the shoulders and neckline. again  probably need to be in
This blouse is quite stiff. i wouldn't mind the boxiness if this blouse weren't so long. even if you size down  because of the eyelet and the cute hem  it would be difficult to shorten this blouse to fit.
This is a cute and quirky feminine top with the ruffle detailing and polka dot flannel inside the sleeve cuffs. i wish it was little longer and maybe not flannel  then it would be perfect  but overall i liked it. i am 5'5"  135lbs  34c  curvy/muscular frame (plus a relatively short torso) and the small fit throughout the shoulders and chest.
This dress is lovely. the colors seem a bit more muted than as reflected on model; otherwise  looks very similar to photo. it has a slimline style and is very flattering. the dress has a more casual appearance than as is reflected in the photo. its really more of a day dress than a special occasion dress  notwithstanding another reviewer's opinion to the contrary.  i ordered up a size due to reading other reviews. i found it to be a bit larger than i wanted so i washed and tumble dried it on low
Super comfortable while also being very flattering. i'm 5'7  135 lbs and ordered a size small which fits perfectly. i get lots of complements on the color  which is as pictured. love these for yoga  climbing  and lounging.
I love this dress. i bought this dress in both a m and a s. i was worried about how "loose" the dress would fit and also how short it would be. the information about the model wearing the dress only said that she was 5'10" but not what size dress she was wearing. i am 5'11" and am in between a dress size 2 or 4. the medium was way too wide  but the small was still long enough with the perfect amount of flow. i purchased the green/slate color  which is more green and has very faint stripes. very
Really like the quality  color  and overall design of these jeans. they ran a little long on me  but i just cut off an inch from the bottom and they fit perfectly with some tall booties. i didn't need to get them altered because the design of them is that they are cut at the bottom and are a little frayed. so  glad that was the case given the price tag on them. i am 5'7"  128 lbs and wear a size 28 which fit perfectly except for the length which was easily fixed. definitely recommend these jeans
I have never purchased this brand before at retailer and there were no reviews on it when i purchased it.  i bought my usual size medium and it fit perfectly!  i am 5'2"  120# with broad shoulders.  loved the fringe on the top and i think it will be very versatile . . .jeans/boots  skirts/heels.   definitely a keeper!  as a petite gal  this was not overly long.  if you have larger hips  this will not hang well.
Pretty pyjama pants that can be worn running errands  dropping off kids.
I love this top. the fabric is soft and a silky lightweight - perfect for summer. i feel it runs a size large. i'm 5'4"  130lbs  with broad shoulders. i usually wear a medium  but a small fit perfectly.
How cute was this little sweater and comfortable even in the south .... until i washed it! i followed the instructions on the label being careful not to wring it out. first of all  the smell was unbelievable! i washed it three days ago and it is still wet and damp and on top of that  it shrunk. even though i handwashed it  line dried it and pampered it to no end!
This top is beautiful in design  but sadly  i will be returning. it is hand wash  and even after doing so  i had 2 unraveled threads resulting in large holes. unfortunate since it was so flattering before washing.
I still have mixed feelings about this pants. the fabric is nice  soft and flows well. the fit is good  i ordered 30  could have gone with 29  not a big deal. the one thing that is off is the length - i am 5.7 and these come right to above my ankle...nowhere close to how they sit on the model. the issue with this length is that is neither here nor there  too short for regular pant length and too long for crops. i will probably have to hem them a bit  which is a disappointment when you pay so muc
Tried this on in store. was ill-fitting and sheer.
I love this shirt. it is so soft. not boxy at all. very flattering. my only complaint is that there aren't more colors!
Just a ginormous  shapeless shirt. runs extremely large. i am normally a medium to large in shirts and the medium was huge. i can only imagine an xs would work and i am no xtra small!
Online this top looks fabulous  but in person  not so great. great color  nice quality for a lightweight top  but when i tried it on  the neck does not lay nicely. too much sloppy wrinkled material just hanging awkwardly around the neck ( and i love cowl neck). i found  for me  it dipped very low showing cleavage and i have a large chest  so didn't work. for reference  i'm 5'4 118 and usually wear a small in retailer tops because it seems the majority of their clothes run large. i purchased a smal
For the price of this tee the beautiful front lattice work should have been extended onto the back. would have been a classier  more finished looking garment. if the cost is not an issue then this tee makes a nice neutral addition to a neat but casual summer look.
Love this sweater - very soft and can be dressy or casual.
I loved the lace detailing all over this dress and the fact it had pockets and was mostly cotton. it just looked so inviting  so i grabbed two sizes to try on (10 & 12) that 99% of the time fit me with retailer clothes. here are my thoughts: __________ pros: - lace detailing is lovely all over. - everything runs tts except at the bust (see below). - breathable fabric  comfortable. _________ cons: - i'm a 36c and could not button the top two buttons of this dress in a size 10 (i'm 5'9  hourglass  a
Not a tunic unless the model pictured is 5'1. barely covered my backside and not as advertised. design on top is interesting and the fabric is soft so it's a good buy if 50% off or more.
The photos do not do this dress justice. i loved it as soon as i tried it on! it is good quality and the fabric is not too thin. definitely recommend!
This didn't work for me. im normally a m (8/10). got this in xs. that was the correct size for me  i believe. however  the armholes were huge. husband said the top of the dress looked like the autobots symbol from transformers and he wanted me to keep it. but  i sent it back.
I love this blouse! it is such a classic silhouette. the fit is not so loose on me as the model  but i have a much more curvy figure at a size 14/large. i am completely coverd up in this top  and the waistline is incredibly flattering to a full figure. the lace makes this top easily able to go from dressy to casual. i can see myself wearing this top again and again. great purchase.
Doesn't fit as tight/as slimming as you think it would by looking at the picture  definitely order one size down if you want it to fit tight!
This jacket is stylish and unique. love the lines and the fit is very flattering.coral is a bit more orange/dk. peach than what i think of as typical coral. fun color for spring. i sized up from my typical s to m.
I purchased this for my 20-something daughter. it is so complimentary and cute and stylish!
This jacket is a perfect  lightweight cover for dresses as shown online  but will also look great with jeans and tops. the embroidery looks amazing and is high quality. the tie in the back can make the shirt a little more form-fitted. while its a masculine style  its has feminine details and fit. this is my third hei hei jacket  the sizes between them are consistent (i'm 5'4''  125lbs. 34c and i wear an xs in this jacket) - each one i've worn a million times!
I ordered the large since the med wasn't available and it didn't complement my figure because it was too loose all over. i like the design detail with off-center buttons and the fabric is a nice quality.
Within 2 washings the color faded to a not so black black  like a pair of pants that has been washed over a year's use. after 5 or so washes the hook and eye closure began to fall off. the pants fit well  albeit a bit short (i'm 5'9") and they run small. i sized up to a 6  when i usually am between a 2 or 4. i let the hem out  sewed the hook and eye closure back on and redyed them  and now they are good to go  but for nearly $90 i don't expect to have to do this much work. these are not my first
I got this skirt because its elegant and can be worn in three seasons. it is stylish and can easily be dressed up or down. i usually wear an xs in bottoms and this runs about one size large in the waist area. still  i am keeping it and plan to have it altered. it is cute and completely worth the extra effort
This top is very pretty  but it doesn't make up for the problems with it. retailer seems to be suffering from quality issues as of late. the sizes are all over the place and items i have purchased don't seem to hold up to normal use and washing. i normally wear a medium in tops. the medium in this top was huge. i needed an extra small  which means a lot of people are sized out of this top. i hand washed this top in cold water as the tag indicated and it shrunk! it shrunk so much that i can
I ordered these for store pick up and loved the color (red ones). the fit in petite ws nice and flattering  but iwould have to wear them with ehels still. th reason i didn't keep them is perhpas the pocket placement in front didn't flatter me as well? i think maybe i will order when on sale  or find a similar style with different frnt pockets.
I was definitely wearing retailer colored glasses (my term for when something looks great on you in the dressing room but leaves you wondering what-was-i-thinking when you try it on later) when i bought this. once i tried this on at home  i basically felt like i was swallowed up by this thing -- there's so much fabric layered in front and around your shoulders that you can actually feel the weight hanging down around your neck  and it naturally sticks out rather far in the back. i wanted to love t
I tried this on in the store and it was huge. i couldn't try on a smaller size because they only had a 2 and 4. i tried on my usual size 12. i don't think the embroidery is as pretty in person either. definitely not worth the price.
I have the long sleeved version of this dress and was super excited to try on the sleeveless version  but it just didn't work nearly as well. the armholes are huge and will definitely show quite a bit of bra. the black pattern was also nothing special. i like the mock turtleneck and the dress has a nice swingy feel - would consider getting it if it went on sale.     i tried on the small and the extra small - didn't notice a difference between the two. i think i have on the xs in the photo.
I ordered this top in the pretty  sea glass green color. it is adorable on! it's constructed from a nice thick cotton and has a billowy swing look if you are into that  which i am. the cut of the neckline gives it a cool 60's vibe. my only issue is that the arm holes are cut small. also note that because of the wider neckline  i found putting a necklace on squashed it in a strange way. i'm still keeping it because it is awesome in every other aspect. most likely i will just jazz it up with fun e
I am in need of easy comfortable tops for everyday wear. i bought this top mostly because of the cute buttons. when i received it  it looked exactly as it does in the picture online  however  the buttons kept slipping out of their homes because the holes were slightly too big. the shirt fit but was just a tad snug near the upper arms  which would stretch and loosen up throughout the day. it's definitely a comfortable shirt  but it felt more like a pajama top. it's going back.
Needed a pair of grey pants to go with some of my jewel colored tops.  hei hei is my favorite brand of pants and these did not disappoint.  they fit like a glove and are true to size.  i don't think the picture does them justice.  if you like comfort you certainly will not go wrong with these pants.  you can wear them year round except in the heat of the summer.  i would not hesitate to purchase them.
I'm not sure why the other reviewers think that this runs small. in my opinion it runs pretty large. i am normally a medium and i ended up returning the medium to get the small. i do have a small bust (36b) and skinny arms so maybe that's why? regardless it is super cute and i think it can be dressed up or down. it looks awesome with the pilcro jean jacket!
I love how comfortable this fits and the fantastic pops of color. goes with just about every slip and tank dress i own! a perfect lightweight dress or layering vest with my hot weather wardrobe. can't wait to take this with me on vacation!
This is a great dress  both in design and comfort. the material is very soft and warm. yet it is also very stylish  and can be dressed up with big necklaces  a belt  and boots. the stylist in the store mentioned wearing it with a vest. it is a great piece that has so many possibilities. i bought it in navy. thank you retailer!!
Online  i like the design  the leaves stand out. in-person  the leaves don't stand out as much  you can barely see them they are so light. the top is slightly see-through. the price is high. i think this top would work better on a more slender frame. i like the top but the price is too high for the quality and thin fabric. it may look better on a slender frame  i think. it was just too light and thin for me.
This shirt is so cute with skinny jeans and crossbody bag! i am 34b so i did not have the issue with the cut of top at the bustline. love it!
This is such a great top - it can be easily dressed up or down. i love my tops flowy  and this is just that! i have a larger chest (34d) and the flowy nature of it keeps it from being too short up front. even though it has eyelits in it  it can be worn without a cami underneath as long as you wear a good nude bra. it'll be a great sweater for all seasons. i'm even able to wear it to work. highly highly recommend.
The sleeve detail is cute and well done. the fabric is nice quality  but the body of the shirt really doesn't have any shape.
First  the good parts: these are adorable in person and (i think) the colors are prettier in person than in the pictures. the green isn't too army green  it's a pretty nice mellow neutral that you could wear with reds  whites  blues  pinks...virtually any color.  the tencel fabric is super soft and comfortable and the drape is nice. they do seem to run a little large  so i'd size down if you're between sizes.  and now  sadly  the bad: these stretch out virtually an entire size after just about a
These shorts were just what i expected from retailer. they are more pretty in person  particularly for the color - like a rich clay color  not garish orange. very good quality fabric & the embroidery around the edges is unique. i'm usually a size small in bottoms from retailer & the s fits perfectly.
I bought this in the green and i had to try a few to get one that sat well- in fact i tried on a size above my normal size and that particular dress was shorter and tighter than my normal size. when i reordered my normal size  it was a pretty good fit. i kept the dress but am still on the fence on whether or not i should actually keep it- it took so long to find one that fit well that it missed the holiday events where i'd hoped to wear it.
I saw this online & wondered abt the sleeve length on me. i was thinking about ordering the petite size since i'm only 5'3". sometimes cardigans have longer sleeves than i want. it was at the local store so i tried on the regular xs in the grey. the fit & sleeve length was fine. what i didn't care for was a slight itchiness (wool fiber) & some mild shedding (alpaca fiber). i decided against it but it is nice looking. 5"3"  117#
This caftan is very light and well-made. i love the colors and designs on this fabric. i was worried that it might make me look boxy  but it accentuates my figure surprisingly well. the fabric is so soft!!! i'm amazed at the price because this is a really beautiful cover-up.
I typically wear a size xl in retailer clothes. i'm a size 16 in tops and this sweater in xl fit really baggy with no form fitting. it's super soft and i love the color  but it was just unflattering on me.
I was immediately drawn to this tunic at the store. it has my favorite colors in it. blue and orange. as one reviewer said  the print is eye-catching. the feel of the material is soft. i am 5' tall so it fits on me like a dress  although if you are a taller person  the slits on the side may be higher on the frame. this is definitely one of my favorite tunics now.
Unique jacket..... but when i put it on i felt and looked like charlie brown. this will be going back.
Flattering cut  the tie neck is very nice  but definitely needed the petite for me  regualr size went too low. the striping is a nice flowey thin fabric in grey and navy  with a bit of texture in ti  not sure it is obvious from the picture. length in eptite went right below my knee  but in a goood spot. overall  loved it  but returned in hopes it hits sales one day (jsut spending too much latetly)...
I have been wanting this sweater and decided to order. when i received it  there was no tag on the product. it was not in a typical clear bag from retailer and it wasn't packaged nicely. it came from reno  nv. most products i order do not get shipped from there. it is short  and i'm 5'1". most clothes that are short fit me with no problem. this sweater might hit me at the waist  or maybe shorter. i think the color is nice and the sweater is soft but not what i wanted. i am going to return it
I loved this coat in the picture  and couldn't wait to get it. sadly  it did not deliver in real life. i got my usual size small  and it fit well in the shoulders and sleeves  and okay in front. the big problem was the back. it just hung from my shoulders with zero shape  and a lot of extra fabric. i considered trying the xs  but was concerned that the shoulders might not be comfortable  and honestly i can't believe the xs could possibly have been different enough to work. maybe i got a defectiv
So flattering! the length is perfect and hits just above the knee in front (slightly longer on sides).  i was looking for a versatile dress that could be worn to church  work  luncheons  or casual evening events.  this one fits the bill. i love that it pays homage to the boho/peasant trend without being shapeless or making me look too wide. i am 5'6" (long torso) 132 lbs  32d and the small fit perfectly. i got the black motif print.
I absolutely love this shirt. it's a simple tee but the open back adds cute detail to it. i ordered a small and it fit perfectly. color is beautiful also.
Looked really cute on the hanger  so i took it with me into the dressing room. the fabric is super soft  and the top is very flattering however the bottom is way too short! you can't tell from the picture but the sides are rounded and go up higher on your leg. the model has the waist band pulled lower than i think you'd most likely be wearing it making the outfit appear longer. i wish i could pull this off...maybe i'm just too old for it.
I bought these pants in white and tan. they are comfortable and fit great.however  they tend to stretch. i just got them and they are already starting to become uncomfortably loose. i still really like them but i recommend you buy a little tight so they become comfortable.
I stalked this sold out product for weeks hoping my size would become available. when it did  i was very excited  in fact i ordered both a s and xs to be sure one sweater would fit me! unfortunately  neither did and i felt the actual sweater was not as pictured. the sweater has an overall baggy fit and the cutouts don't fall as neatly and as evenly on both shoulders as the picture shows  making the look a bit sloppy in my opinion. it is such a shame as this look is very of the moment and the mod
I love everything about this skirt  except that it adds bulk to the waist and/or hip area because of lots of fabric and pleating.   i still love it and when i place the waist band higher on my waist looks super cute with a dainty blouse tucked in.   i'm 5'4 105 and have a tiny belly  pooch that comes and goes through out the day so although this skirt is beautiful it tends to magnify the tiniest of belly pooches and hips.  i think i love the skirt too much to retun.
I debated between the xs and the small..and ended up with the small because it's 100% cotton i probably couldn't probably gotten the xs one. we will see if it shrinks. i hope it does a little. i do wish the retailer sizing was a little more consistent because sometimes the xs is fine.
This vibrant colors in this dress are beautiful  but the fit is very off. you would assume a fit like this would be slimming and flattering at the waist but it somehow squished down my boobs  and made my waist look wide. it also ran small.
Has it been 5 years already. i too bought this 5 years ago. it peels and doesn't close but the horses make up for that. very very warm.
I want to live in this sweatshirt. it's so comfy  but also well-cut and lays nicely  not boxy at all. i'm typically a 10-12 or l in tops and the 3 is roomy without looking sloppy.
I bought this jumpsuit in both fabrics. i adored the fit and feel of both  but sadly  the graphic fabric was not handled well in the construction. three examples: a thin white piece along one leg seam made it look like a hole; mismatched large pieces of white in the crotch area looked sloppy and wrong; worst of all  a diagonal was placed on both breast pieces  but they were different angles  which again looked sloppy and wrong in a place where you really want it to look neat and right. too bad b
I love the back detail but doesn't feel that comfortable on. i bought in green. it's fitted so get size larger if you plan to layer up. i'm 107 and bought xs size. i should have ordered the s.
I love how these jeans look on. tts  adorable. i exchanged my first pair due to stitching coming out in the back right pocket. pair #2 -the stitching came out in the exact same place. this seems to be a problem with the quality/sewing. the fact that the stitching is gold and decorative as well as functional means it will keep unraveling until the jeans are ruined. 2nd pair has to go back. too bad.
I ordered the top from a store to have it shipped.   it is very pretty but once on  it fit the wrong way. i got a small because i know that this designer tends to run tight across the bust.   the shoulder was too rounded for this neck line. sleeves should have been either longer or sleeveless. the empire waist even on a smaller busted woman like myself was cut too high.
I love this dress. even more beautiful in person ??
I was thrilled when this shirt arrived.  it is as cute in person as in the catalog.  it's soft  it fit perfect  and it looks great with shorts and pants.  it will be my "go to" shirt this summer.
I bought this outfit online on sale - so i only paid $70  but i think if i saw it in person first  i probably wouldn't have purchased it. while the design is cute  the fabric is beyond cheap. it's not just polyester - it's like a plastic polyester. i think if you dress it up with high heels  necklace  armful of bangles  you can probably distract from the fabric.     5'5"  120lb  purchased xs and it's a little big still.
Unlike the first three reviews  i loved this sweater. the colors were beautiful and i paired it with green cords. i did not find the sweater to be itchy but very comfortable. fits trus to size.
I seriously love this top  and at the sale price it's a steal! i ordered the ivory color and it's just as beautiful in person as in the product photos. i thankfully read the reviews and knew that the sleeves would be slit. i think the slit sleeves add more interest to an otherwise basic blouse. it can be dressed up or down and is great for work (at least in my very casual office). the fit is perfect; i ordered my normal size medium and it's definitely true-to-size.
The shirt is darling  soft and relaxed fit. i usually wear an xs or small in most retailer tops. unfortunately  i ordered an xs and should have ordered the small. i found the length to be a little short in the xs so i'm sending it back to exchange for the small. i hope it's just a little bit longer.
I tried on the xs in store  but ti was a little big on me (and i usually get petite in dresses  unless they are mini dresses).  so i decide to order the xxs petite. it fits much better. the length is  at the highest point  just above my knees. the chest part fits better on me as xxs p  the plunge is not low  not too high  and is flattering  i can wear a regular bra that can attach as t-back and you won't see anything.   the model on the picture is what it looks like as a usual size (so xs instea
The photos don't do the top of the dress justice; it's really gorgeous. however  it runs very large. i am going to exchange it for 1 or 2 sizes down.
I am a true size 6 in virtually everything  pants or dress. i was swimming in these! i am reordering a size 2  they were so big.
I tried on the grey version in store  and it was significantly longer than pictured. the back came down to just below my knee  which looked awkward with the split sides. i am 5'4" and this was a regular (not petite) size. however  the overall quality of the fabric was good and it seemed durable.
I decided to splurge. i would not normally spend $200 for a pair of jeans  but when they went on sale  i decided to go for it. i am so glad that i did. mother has a customer for life. these jeans are the best by far. i normally wear a size 4 (27) in most jeans  but wear a 28 in j brand and some others. so i was a little nervous by previous reviewers not just on this website. i decided to go with the 28 since in mother brand this is actually a 4/6. they fit great!
Saw this on the retailer emails as a cover and knew i had to try it on. went into the store following day and tried it. to my delight the tencel fabric is light enough for southern california weather and can be worn as a trench coat over skinny jeans  leggings or dresses or act as a dress in itself! love the navy color as it is has more of a washed looked and not too bold. what attracted me to this piece in the first place was the ruffled bottom and the rounded flaps on the back that is different
Love this flowing  cute top! casual  but can be easily dressed up. great fit.
I ordered this dress in 0p since i am 5ft. it fits great its not too short just above the knee.
Saw this on the sale rack and decided to try on. i looked like the dancing hypos in the movie fantasia. i am petite and not heavy but this is for very slim and tall people. too much fabric in the peplum part.
This sweater has a retro feel to it. i like how it hits right at the hips and it's not too long or not too short. it keeps you warm and it's a nice alternative to all the drab sweaters that you would usually wear in the fall or winter.
I was really excited about this dress- the style looked like it would be a spring/summer staple in my retailer-heavy wardrobe. i was really surprised when i received it in the mail. the dress is quite thin cotton fabric and feels cheaply made. for the price  i could purchase a much higher quality dress elsewhere that would hold up better. i've been an retailer fan for more than an decade  but this trend of higher prices for lower quality is disappointing and insirpring me to leave a review for the f
There were no reviews  it's an "online exclusive" and thought it might look good with a nice skirt at an upcoming wedding. the spandex jersey back looks like sweat shirt material. on the white version of this  it is mismatched with an oatmeal color and white that just looks awful. as a busty 36d i was stunned to find myself swimming in a medium. it does not look like the photograph and the sleeve billow out. i feel like this had to have been clipped and tucked in for this photograph. i'm an anth
Bought on a whim  on sale.  i am a small in 95% retailer but got these in m for comfy casual looseness--perfect.  i am 5'8"  and these hit the top of my feet--perfect.  fabric is substantial but not heavy--perfect for cool so. cal evenings.   color is rich denimy blue--beautiful.  buttons are pretty. i have nothing negative to say about these aside from their price (even on sale).  oh  and the knot.  as i sit on my squishy leather sofa  i feel the knot in my back.  hmmm.  oh well.  still love them
I bought 3 shirts in gold  black and red. they arrived larger than expected. after the first wash and air dry they shrunk. i would have been thrilled but they shrunk to be shorter while staying too wide. also my black shirt faded a lot with one wash.
Fits true to size. very feminine. it's great with skinny jeans. not quite the length of tunic
I bought this shirt in the neutral and white and love it. so many people compliment it. i usually pair it with white pants and cute wedges to dress it up (obviously with a statement necklace too). but the greatest thing about this shirt is the fact that you can also dress it down. the material is fabulous but i have not washed it yet so i am not sure if it is going to shrink (which i hope it doesn't because it is one of my favorite pieces).     unlike the other reviewer i did not think that the
I love the look of this dress but it runs very large. i am 5'2 110lbs. i ordered the extra small on sale & got a killer deal on it. i intended to use it as a beach cover up since it's sheer  but when i tried it on i felt like i was wearing a mumu. even for the price & for the beach i am going to return it. i'm sad because it is a beautiful cover-up and for what it is i think the quality is good.
Like the other reviewers experienced  i received my top in the mail  and it does not have the straps as shown in the online pictures. not to say that the top is not attractive  though  and i'll be keeping it. very comfortable and cool in the triple-digit heat in my community.
I buy almost ever top tiny puts out and so i grabbed this one in the last tops sale since i'm a sucker for embroidered flowers. everything about it is gorgeous except it is so flimsy i can't even believe it. like when i held it up in the dressing room  i could see through the entire shirt  front to back  before even putting it on. once on  i could see everything through it. i actually thought i was going to tear the thing to pieces trying it on  it's so frail. i own so many tiny shirts and while
I ordered this top in my normal size medium  and it was very large. i am 160 lbs  36b  size 8 top and 12 bottom. it was so pretty  that i took a chance and reordered it in a small. the small on me fits just like the model in the picture. it's pretty lightweight  but is not see through. it is a very wide v-neck  but i am small on top  so it does not bother me. it's such a comfy yet sexy top!
This is another item i've been stalking that i thought miraculously made it to sale with my size still available. i ordered online but when it arrived i have to be honest i didn't even try it on because i knew it would be going back. the beautiful print online looks really cheap irl on the flimsy fabric. the beaded detail on neck is basically a low grade sequin trim. so much potential just executed poorly.
Love this dress! very feminine and flattering. i would say that it runs true to size  or a little big. size down for a snug fit at the waist.
This top has too much fabric! i would of liked it more if they had a smaller size but the small seemed like a medium or large!
I was drawn to the green/blue color in store! it's so cute and comfortable. i'm usually a size 2/4 and needed the 2. the bodice is flattering and the length was perfect on me. i'm even 4 months pregnant with my 2nd baby and this will work with my growing belly for another month or so. it's got great stretch!
This was really billowy but not in a good way. i had to return it. looks great in the photo but not so much in person.
I am a sweater girl  so i was really looking forward to this cozy-looking piece. like other reviewers  i found the fit to be very strange and not as pictured. i am 5'1" and 107 lbs and typically wear xxsp or xsp. i ordered this in the xxsp because of the loose fit. it did not fit like the model at all. the sleeves were shorter and stuck out oddly. the length was not as long as pictured  but it would have been fine for me had the sweater not also been as wide as it was long. others suggested sizi
Is it just me? i love these pants i bought them in 2 sizes. first my normal size and then down one size because although they fit perfect in the store  with in a hour of wearing them around the house  they had stretched out so much that i could not keep them up. so i purchased the smaller size (same color) and they stretched out just like the first pair. so disappointing. i took them to my seamstress and she took them in 2 inches in the waist and now at least i can wear them all day. not sure if
A good part of my closet is filled with retailer clothes. i mix them with my basics  scarves and jewelry. so  i immediately thought of a dozen ways this kimono could jazz up anything from skinny jeans to slip dresses  even though i felt it was pretty pricey. when it arrived  i was more than disappointed in the cheapness of the fabric. it does nothing for any of my intended clothes  so it is going back asap.
5'1'' 43-31-43 i bought a petite medium in the orange red color and it's a wonderful cardigan with an oversize fit. it goes to about an inch below my knees  and the slits go up to mid-thigh. the sleeves start at about an inch past the shoulder cap  but the sleeves are so generous that you still have full range of motion. the sleeves hit mid hand and i wish they were an inch or two longer  but that's personal preference. because of the color and the long side-slits looks really stunning with a mi
I got the cream color and absolutely love the style and color of this sweater. however  when i tried it on at the store  the one i tried on was super soft and comfy. i ended up finding this later on sale and ordered it online. when i got it  i don't know if it was once worn or washed by someone before  but the inside was not soft at all! i was so sad! anyone else have this experience? size is great. i ordered an xs.
This is such a gorgeous shade of indigo! i was instantly attracted to it! upon trying on  i was surprised at how soft the fabric was. definitely a cozy sweatshirt feel in disguise! i love the peplum detailing and found the xs to be just right in length to my hip and everywhere else! i can't wait for it to cool off here in new england so i can wear this beautiful top!! i anticipate many compliments on s lovely top!!
I really wanted to love this dress. i thought i might be able to dress it up for a wedding i'm attending  but it was kind of a serious no go. first off  i ordered a petite size  but it was still longer than on the model--i'm 5'5'  so not even technically petite  but i thought it might be a better length for me that way. it was not a great length  and the pleats and pockets (which would be great in theory) make the skirt fully (and pouffier at the waist) than i would have liked. i love the way th
This dress has beautiful lines. i loved the design on the material  but the fabric looked very cheap & even was already snagged when it arrived. unfortunately  i must return it.
Like the idea but the tee was was very boxy. i tried the size small and it fit at the shoulders but the body was very big. i would say they pinned it for the product photo:)  i'm 34a...usually a size small. it was soft and fun but a no for me at this price.
Flattering fit and neckline. too thin to wear without a cami or tank underneath (for me)  but i was expecting that. great go-to tee.
I like everything about this shirt except i wish the embroidery was on the back too. gives it a cheaper look by only having it on the front. you will look prettier coming than going for sure!
I agree with the other two reviews. it is so disappointing that this adorable dress isn't lined. the fabric is paper thin! this is an a-line style dress with pockets that need to be ironed down to prevent it making you look hippy. i sized down to a petite xs. i normally buy the petite smalls but they were out of it. i would say that this dress runs a little on the large size.
Yikes!  quite a smell off of this one- like wet/hot wool.  the color was beautiful  but the sweater is enormous!  strange fit under the arms as well.  this one went back the same day.
I purchased this dress in the green  and while the print and material were lovely  the extra folds in the neckline made the dress look frumpy up top. the billowly bottom made it look like a bag. i am 5ft  36d and 29" waist and the size 2 fit  which makes me think this runs large! i'll be returning this dress.
Really cute and comfortable. i have worn these a couple of times and get several compliments! worth every penny  and now they are on sale!
I was surprised how great this blouse looks on! the color and texture are awesome.... very well made  but runs a tad small. this will be my new go to when i open my closet!
Absolutely love this dress! so cute with booties and a jean jacket. will be a great staple for spring and fall
Perfect little summer tunic that is very flattering. paired with a skirt  jeans or cropped black pants- this top is perfect! the cut in the front is not overly deep- so a cami is not necessary. i am usually a l or xl or 12 in retailer tops and i have a 10 in this top. so it is sized slightly larger than usual.
I got this dress in navy for my engagement photos and i got so many compliments on the design and fit of the dress. it's very comfortable and stretchy so i got a 6 petite and it fit perfectly  where normally i need an 8 or a 10 because clothes are made so tight now. it was light weight and fit great in the bust and fell nicely over the hips. and for the bottom of the dress being white  it surprisingly wasn't see through. i wouldn't go wearing bright red under the dress but there is definitely no
I never buy shorter shorts  my legs are so muscular that most are unflattering  but these were actually ok. they didn't look loose like the model  but hit a nice spot on the leg  and they have enough stretch to fit me nicely. i even bought the white color... unheard of! i weigh 115 lbs  all legs...
I love pilcro script jeans. the rise is super comfortable and the fabric stretch is perfectly flattering without being too tight. the wash is great. from the pictures  i didn't realize this pair had the fringed bottom rather than the hem  but they cuff easily if you want to hide it. plus  with boot season approaching  i think it will make boots more comfortable without the bulky hem. i wish they would make this cut with all of their products - would love to see a pair of cords or dress pants!
Very nice fabric and quality but runs very large. i had to return my pair of a size 0. stinks to pay for shipping on a product that looks so different in the picture.
I bought this sweater in dark grey in the store. i really loved it at first - it's very soft and cozy and fits really well. i especially like that it's long enough to cover my tummy and butt when i wear skinny jeans or leggings. however  the other reviews that mention it gets fuzz all over the place are accurate. i doubt i would have bought this if i had read them first. it even has dark grey fuzz in the inside of the sleeves. however  my biggest disappointment is that after just one wearing  th
I really wanted to love this dress. i love the colors and the design of the dress. unfortunately  i have to agree with one of the other reviewers that this dress makes you look pregnant. it's so voluminous that it's not flattering at all. also agree that the lining is scratchy.
Absolutely perfect and worth every penny! i am 5'8" and normally between a 4 and 6 in jackets. while the small fit  i ended up purchasing a medium so i had more room in the arms. insanely comfortable and truly stunning on. expect compliments when you are wearing it!
Big pockets make it look more like a bathrobe than a coat. there are no internal pockets and the loops for the belt are pretty skimpy - just a bit of string. the color is great  but the quality leaves something to be desired.
This tank is wonderful for those with full hips because it hangs just right to cover any flaws. the colors are bright and the material is soft. there is a band at the end that elevates the tank so you can wear it out if you would like. not too low in the front and overall the tank runs true to size. i suppose if you wanted a tighter fit you could size down 1 size  but i like the way it hangs in my regular size. i'm very busty and hippy and this top makes both look slim. highly recommend.
I love this jacket and the price was a great bonus. it fit perfectly and is nice cozy and warm. well made and the beige color is great.
I really wanted to love this dress  but i couldn't. it ran large and heavy. rather than a sleek cocktail dress  it felt more like a heavy sack once i put it on. there was one upside: the drape in the back did not appear to drop quite as low  so finding a bra to wear under the dress might be easier than if it draped as low as it appears in the picture.
Cute tank  runs big. i purchased the mango and it's a bit sheer.
I bought a size small in this dress even though i am usually a large at retailer. it just hung strangely and clung to the unflattering parts of my body but seemed very large. i loved the feel  color (grey) and style of the dress  but i ended up returning it because of the fit. it also requires something under it since it is fairly see-through.
Simple cotton garment such that the price seems high. if it had fit perfectly there is a chance i would have kept the dress  but my normal size 6 was a bit large and even though it was size petite  also to long in the upper body. perhaps a 4 p would have fit  but it may have then been too small. puzzling for petite to be too long in upper body. love this shape dress and the color and pattern however.
I would not have tried this on or ordered it by myself  but my stylist brought it over for me to try (as it was on promotion). well  ok  i get it  i actually liked it on  but the regular size was too big in the arm hole... thinking of it  i should have ordered the xxs... maybe i will.  flattering style  comfrotable fabric  really nice overall...
Love this skirt. the detail is amazing. runs small i ordered a 12 i'm usually a 10  but still a little snug.
Drapes very nicely and runs true to size. easy to wear alone or layer a jacket/cardigan over. i purchased this on sale  and it was a good buy. i am 5'8" and purchased the size m  as i am a pretty true size 6.
I love  love  love this jumpsuit. it's fun  flirty  and fabulous! every time i wear it  i get nothing but great compliments!
I ordered this a little big because the smallest size that they had was a medium. i probably could have gone with a small  but given that i am a 34d on top (and @ a size 2 on the bottom & @ 120lbs)  the medium fits me just fine. it is super soft  and you can wear it with just about anything. keep in mind that your midriff may show a bit depending on how high your bottoms are. however  i paired it with a white pair of skinny jeans with a cute belt (so a teeny bit of my midriff was showing at time
Really cute piece  but it's huge. i ordered an xxs petite and it was unfortunately extremely wide and not flattering. returning.
This dress is absolutely gorgeous! the top portion fit a little smaller than the typical size i order. the zip side was a little snug  but the fit is very flattering! the lace detail and belted design are very pretty. the skirt portion has more volume than i tend to like  but it is it beautiful!
While this is cozy and well made  the problem lies with the unavoidable exposure of the inside of the poncho  which looks unfinished. had the inside been lined or had the hue of the stripes continued through the material  the draped look of this piece would be gorgeous. unfortunately  the faded backside of the pattern (a glimpse of it under model's left hand)  viewable through the very large arm holes (and impossible to hide)  disrupts the effortless  fluid feel that a poncho should have. i was
I love the navy blue color. they are a fun alternative to skinny jeans. the fit is great and they are super comfortable!
The high/low hem is interesting  and the fit looks great. i did find that i needed one size larger than normal.  maybe that's bc these are high rise?  there is also absolutely no stretch in the fabric.
I loved everything about this shirt except the harm holes are oddly large. i tried on a medium and the arm holes were very large so i thought a small would fit better but it didn't  the fabric is beautiful and the diamond pattern looks amazing up close but i decided to return the top because the arm holes just stuck out so awkwardly.
I was surprised how soft and comfy the fabric is on this top. when i tried it on  i didn't want to take it off! it's a little bigger than i would like - i got a small  and am usually between xs and s. may have sized down if the top were available.but the fit and cut are flattering.
It's sheer  the design /print is casual  but on silk like material. had it been made out of cotton would have definitely kept it! who is going to wear this in the blazing heat of summer???
I saw this dress online and thought it looked just ok. i happened to see the dress in my retailer store today  and thought i would try it. i'm so glad i did. this dress looks so much better on. i'm usually a 10-12 in dresses at retailer  i tried this in a large. it fit perfect. it's doesn't cling to you  but it doesn't hang like a sack either. i think it made me look taller and thin. woohoo. i would say it's a little on the thinner side  it's not a heavy knit. it's two layers of thinner knit   as yo
I love these pants! they are comfortable and dressy enough for work! the wide leg is the perfect size and the higher waist is professional! these are also nice and long for wearing heels. i ordered a size 27 and they fit great. i normally wear a size 6 in us sizing.
This dress is everything i imagined it would be. lightweight  flattering on my hourglass shape  and comfortable. i am a true 4p in retailer dresses (5'4" 32d  27 inch waist  28 denim size) and purchased this dress in a 6 regular. i imagine the petite size would be way too short  as the regular size hit about 3 inches above my knee. might be a problem for taller girls. definitely size up on this one to avoid button gaping.
Wanted to love this sweater for its beautiful colors and cute graphic  but the fit is uncomfortably small and it is so itchy i was yelling  "get it off" in the fitting room. bummer.
I love this style. reminds me of what we used to wear back in the 70's. it's very cute  flattering  and material is a high quality. will look good with skinny or boot cut jeans. if you like this "baby doll" style  you'll love this.
I am not sure where all of the other reviews on these pants went  but when i ordered mine  there were mostly all good reviews. i absolutely love these lounge pants. someone mentioned that they thought they were a little itchy where the lace is but while they may not be the softest pants ever  they are certainly very comfortable  not itchy at all. i am 5'6"" 140 lbs and i ordered the medium. the fit was a little snug at first but  as i wore them  they stretched and loosened. i also wear them with
I bought both colors based on the reviews and really like the prints. however  they are too sheer. i don't want to wear a tank top  but you have to with these tops since they are so sheer. i can also see the fabric tearing easily  it is too delicate. i sent both colors back. what a waste because the prints and colors are good. these tops are also not for busty ladies. i have a big bust  and the top part didn't cover my entire bust and was awkward because the division between the fabrics would st
This skirt is absolutely beautiful and is a gorgeous vintage red which is more pigmented than i'm used to in my closet  but that's not necessarily a good thing or a bad thing. it runs a little large in the waist. also  the skirt comes up higher on the torso than pictured. mine comes up to slightly above my waistline and ends at about mid thigh. however  i love this skirt and its timeless design assures me it will stay in my wardrobe for years to come.
I was not sure whether i would like an xs or a s. rompers can be tricky. i am 5'6" 123lbs. i went ahead and ordered the xs and it is perfect. it is just long enough in the body for me. the shorts length is perfect  not too short or too long. i can't wait to wear this!
As other reviews have mentioned  this top has serious craftsman ship flaws. strings hanging off embellishments on sleeves and they begin unravelling as you try the top on. i wanted to love but sadly  returned asap.
The colors on this jacket are a murky blue with a pale mauve tone for the lighter color. size is a bit on the large size. i did not feel that the jacket was that well-made and would hold up to much wear. i was looking for a jacket to dress up jeans  black pants etc and this did not fit that need. it would be a warm jacket if that is a need.
I normally wear a medium in about everything and i bet an xs would've maybe fit me in this top. it's so billowy and not fitted at all.
This picture does not represent these jeans .. the color is way off. they are more yellow toned and look much more worn than in the picture. they also run very small.
At 5'5" (almost)  122lbs.  i always wear a size small. however this dress runs large (no  i am not smaller than i was 6 months ago) and it looked like a dumpy sack on me. too bad  i really wanted it to fit! it is a slightly heavier fabric than anticipated  and would be an excellent travel dress. i may try the xs. . .
I wanted to love this sweater but the fit is just awkward. it is very short and box and ends up being very short in the back. i am going to return this item.
I tried on xs petites as someone had returned it . i didn't find that it ran small  it was ok on me. i am not sure if the regular size would work but i didn't end up purchasing this today as the color was jsut so-so on my skin tone.  likes: contrast and detail in ruffle  romantic  dislikes: the tag pulled on the fabric a bit and you could tell  so the fabric seemed fragile.
I just received the acacia swing tank and when i pulled it out  i felt like it was christmas day all over. it hangs nicely and felt luxurious on my skin. even my husband was dazzled. the detailing of the flowers is delicate and feminine. the cutaway gives you a sexy  casual chic appearance that you can dress up or down. i can't wait to unveil this new piece at work.
I'm 5'4" 120#   34d. this dress did nothing for me. the seem on the side with the knot doesn't look right. it's almost on the side but not really. there's a seem down the center of the butt from the waist. it looks weird from the back because it's such a fine striped print. not flattering at all. the dress is comfortable due to the stretchy knit and it has a stretchy knit lining. hit me just a bit lower than on the model.
If the sweater looked as it does in the picture  i would keep it. however  it was very boxy and short  a style that does not work for me at all. i'm 5 ft. 6 in. and ordered the medium. i suspect the sweater on the model may be clipped back to make it look more form fitting. unfortunately i will have to return the sweater.
I really wanted to love this top. love the mix of fabrics and patterns. but it is too short for a tunic length. i should have paid attention to other reviews. i'm about 5'8'' and was not too tight in the bust and shoulders.i have to return because the length isn't right.
I agree with some of the other reviewers; this dress runs very large. when i tried on the xs in my local store  i loved the color and thought i could work with it with the right bra or camisole  but it was just cut far too low in the front and when i tried it on at home  it was just too roomy and not fitted enough. i ordered both an xsp and an xxs today so we will see if they fit better. it is an adoreable design  cut and color. it just runs way big so size down if you decide to get it.
I fell in love with this top when i saw it online. i love tracy reese! the pattern is beautiful and the yellow is even brighter in person. i ordered a size small even though i normally wear an xs in all tops. for whatever reason  there was no xs offered  which is odd. the straps are adjustable which is good but unfortunately you absolutely cannot wear this top without fashion tape to keep the straps from falling off your shoulders. the straps slipped off my shoulders constantly. i wore a coobie
This dress is a great color  fabric  and the style is very flattering! i'm wearing to a wedding but it will be great for many events this fall! dressy enough for a cocktail party but could also wear to church!
I was so excited to receive this in the mail as it had been on backorder for awhile. the dress is beautiful  but run smalls the buttons on the back are nearly impossible to fasten. if you are single  good luck trying to get it buttoned. i'll be returning it.
This dress is nice colors and well made but it's just not the style for me. it almost fits frumpy. i'm not sure that a belt would even make it look good. also being 5'8  it is shorter than i'd wear. i like at least touching top of the foot for a maxi.
It's like a coat for your legs  and lined with some silky fabric. the only flaw is a slight bulkiness where the fly hooks up.  i am a little sad that they don't have a petites  because i think this is proportioned for women 5'5" and over  and i am only 5"3". also not recommended for anyone with a tummy pooch. so tall women with somewhat flat abs - snap it up. it's a fabulous look for you.
I loved the look of this top the moment i saw it in the store  particularly the muted red color. the crochet detail is very pretty and i found the fit to be quite flattering on me. however  part of the crochet detail on the one i received has a hole that needs to be repaired. since i purchased during the sale  i'm going to try and mend myself  but this may end up having to go back. if you see this in store and find one that is not damaged  i would recommend it!
I had this in my cart for a week before i took the plunge  because i thought it would make the cutest boho statement piece that could go from beach to casual evening outings. i'm 5'9"  so i got the m/l to ensure length. maybe that was wrong? if the "laid flat width" was included maybe that would have been more helpful  but this thing was massive and looked like a potato sack. the side slits (of course hidden in the photos) came up to just over my natural waist  enhancing that effect. i loved the
Nice basic pencil skirt to have in the closet. i think the fit is right on and did not have any problems with billowing like in the other review. quality is nice  but could be even better.
Love these pilcro jeans  my usual size fit nice like skinny jeans. i know if i had gone down a size they would look too tight in the legs  they are not supposed to be leggings. they did not stretch out too much all day - slightly in the waist  not enough to size down. the dark color is perfect for winter! they are very comfortable!! love pilcro jeans!
This dress looks so plain on this model you'd never guess it looks so adorable on. i saw it as i walked into my local retailer and tried it on quickly over skinny jeans i was wearing with grey suede boots and it looked amazing! it's a perfect teacher dress. wear it over tights or jeans during colder weather  chunky sandals during warmer weather. it has side pockets i absolutely love. you must try it on to believe it. the fabric is soft and of great quality.
This dress is very cute on. very flouncy. i know it looks like a gingham dress  but it's a more like a silk dress with a gingham pattern. the one issue i had was that it ballooned out at the back where you tied it on any size (bug or small)  and i am larger on top  so i don't know what would happen with someone with a small chest. i wouldn't have minded if it did the same thing on the front  but it was just the back.
This shirt is very attractive! i tried on my usual size 2 and it fits like a glove. i wish they had more colors than ivory  but i couldn't pass up the unique fit and design of this shirt.
I originally bought this shirt in the blood orange color  which is lovely and vibrant. the shirt is extremely comfortable and very flattering. however  it is also very  very cheap. after about five washes  it has pilled and worn  the color has faded a bit  and i doubt it will make it through the spring. for perspective  i wash all my clothes on cold and use the "air dry" setting on my dryer.  nonetheless  even having experienced the wear and tear  i went back and bought this shirt in every other
I like this top. in the photo  the white in the print stands out. in-person  the white areas of the print (not embroidery) is dull  more like beige. the flowers and embroidery itself looks good  the print looks good. it is a swing top  looks better on a slender frame. such loose fitting tops just don't look good on my curvy frame. i sized down  could have tried 2 sizes down but the shoulder area was more fitted. i recommend the top for a more slender frame or if you like very loose fitting tops.
So when i saw a sweater with a big llama face on the front of it  i knew it must be mine. i ordered it and eagerly awaited its arrival. while the llama print and color of the sweater are ah-mazing  the fit of the sweater leaves something to be desired. i'm a 36 dd and mostly a size l  so that's what i ordered. it wasn't snug  but it didn't have the cut to pull off the oversized drapey look  so the areas where it was loose looked...strange. the sleeves were really long too  but i could have rolle
Great feeling trench. can dress it up or down.  just be prepared to take a steamer with you. it comes wrinkled and will wrinkle very easy.
This is exactly the same cut as the breton peasant blouse  which i also ordered. it's extremely tight thru the bust and the sleeves are very wide at the top which adds width to the look of this blouse. it added 20 pounds! the print is beautiful. the ruffles are trimmed with a golden colored thread which is a beautiful detail. i ordered size large and am well endowed. steer clear if you have a bust.
I purchased these on sale and am only keeping them because they were such a low price. i ordered the 2 petite  but they do not actually seem to be made for a petite person. they are still very long (to my ankles) and the legs are very wide. the waist fits fine though.
This skirt for sure was the most disappointing thing i've ever ordered from retailer. it looks like an all white skirt that has a little stiffness to it but looks are deceiving. it has this weird checkered patten and there is no shape to the skirt at all. there are also weird stitching lines. one more thing that i didn't like about the skirt was that it's a cream-ish color. not even the cute flamingos will make me keep this skirt. it's going back.
I ordered the xl in white. for fit  it's true to size. it matches the model's photos. it's a comfortable top. the shape is good with the pleating. but  the color is definitely off. it's as if the white fabric was pre-washed with navy. it's not the fresh  crisp white shown  at least for the one i received.     the quality of the material is basic. the black version might be the better one overall. i'm going to exchange the white one i have to give that a try. overall  i don't think it's worth ful
A beautiful sweater and very flattering on.  the stock photos do not do it justice.  but  i had to give it only 2 stars because it was so itchy that i couldn't even keep it on in the dressing room for more than a minute.
Super long even at 5'7" and a little too voluminous for my taste. incredibly comfortable and beautiful pattern though. i'm having a hard time imagining there getting much use for me  so even at the sale price they're going back.
I love this!!!! nice and lightweight. super stylish
This is perfect! it fits tts. i am usually an 8 and this was spot on. it isn't too short either. it really is as it appears on the model. i absolutely love it and can't wait to wear it. my hubby definitely approved!
I bought this top in the store  which was good because i ended up wearing a size smaller than i usually do. i loved the flowy fit of it. the washing instructions say machine wash cold  tumble dry low. i washed it on cold and hung it to dry. it shrank to the point of being unwearable (the dreaded button gap!) and lost its softness. i hope the store lets me return it.
I wanted a comfortable and loose casual dress. i liked the pictures and decided to give it a try.  the dress turned out to be too loose (i got size 4 after checking the measurements chart  i'm 5'7' 125 lb and usually wear s). i could practically wrap myself in this dress. besides  it looks a bit too long (well  i'm not as tall as the model in the photos and i don't like wearing high heels).  the material looks faded  not as bright as in the pictures. i like distressed and vintage style  but this
Billowy top - perfect for casual comfort. the topic is definitely not raspberry-- it is a sunset orange. disappointed as i was going for a match. i should have gone off of the picture and not the color name.
My usual size was a bit large and baggy in most areas but the bust was sooo soo small. the button popped and i had barely moved. do not recommend this one for anyone with a bust. the detailing is very pretty though for someone that can make this work.
These pants run small by two sizes or so. nice material  color true to picture.
I love these pants. only wish they i was a little taller  i'm 5'4" and the small is a little long for me.
Sizing is just getting unreasonable  and nothing fits unless it's a crew neck nowadays. this v-neckline would have been perfect if pictured as on the model  but on my 5' 4" 115 lb frame  the xxs petite neckline came down so low my bra was exposed along the eyelet trim. additionally  the shirt looked like it shrunk in length  and wouldn't have covered a belt on my pants. it also did not match the product description and measured 22" from the hps to hem. i'm unsure of how when pattern grading an i
I noticed the reddish one (actually  barney-purple) in my local store and had to try it one  since i like this cut of dresses from my teenage years. the color was my main concern  but this proved perfect overall. it is low cut in the bust  but a scarf can fix it for us modest girls. there were quite a few loose threads on the lace and stiching that i had to trim off. for the reference  i am 5'4"  120 lbs  and an xs was perfect.
I bought this shirt specifically for the extra details on the shoulder. when i received the shirt  it was a little stiffer than i expected but not enough to return it for being too uncomfortable.
I love the design of this shirt - very flattering fit. very soft and great as a layering piece.
I loved this dress immediately.  i got the blue and orange and love the combination of the top fabric and the flowy skirt.  only one complaint.  it's a bit short on one side so i'll have to wait for cooler weather to wear it with tights (if i want to wear it to work).
The design of this dress is darling and so unique  and it's very well made. but i agree it's very boxy and overwhelming for a petite frame. i'm 5'3" and ordered the 2  and it was like wearing a hospital gown. if a petite were available i'd have tried that  but this one's going back. shame  too  because it's adorable. the gap in the neckline could easily be stitched or sewn shut  but that's an inconvenience when this dress is already priced so high.
How i did not notice this dress for weeks i do not know. this is absolutely the best casual dress i've ever had the pleasure of owning and i hope my future includes acquiring the other sold out colors. i was fortunate enough to buy the holly in m and taupe in mp and they both fit well and look flattering on my unproportioned body. this dress goes well with many layers or on its own and is going to work for at least three seasons in my area. the drape of the willa complements my over large upper
This is a beautiful sweater with deep rich colors. i purchased the blue motif. the problem is that the model(s) are small busted  which allows the side panels and front panel to lay nicely and swing in a flattering manner. i am 5'6''  135 pounds and a 36d. i usually wear a small in antro tops. i purchased this online  and was excited upon it's arrival. when i tried it on  i was horrified. it looked like a babydoll maternity sweater on me. the front did not lay well (flat) at all from the chest d
I am 5'6" and typically wear a medium. i purchased this shirt in a small. it is big on me. not very flattering but just a cute shirt to wear on a saturday afternoon.
I really liked the fabric and the design of this sweater  but the sleeves hung at an odd length (no way to push them up like on the model) and the sweater was large on me. i have broad shoulders but am otherwise petite. unfortunately i had to return this. glad others are having better luck.
I ordered this in a l online  and wasn't a fan when i received it. the colors are pretty bright  but they also look cheap in my opinion. it also had an awkward fit  because of the material there is no give at all  it was really tight on my chest (36d) for reference. and it was also pretty short  and i'm short! it barely hit the top of my pants...and i'm 5'2! back it went.
I agree with other reviewers that this top runs large - i'm glad i ordered a size down. it's a cute twist on a basic tee shirt.
I had high hopes for this top but it was too big and too much fabric.
I like the feel  stretch and softness of this dress  it's very comfortable. sadly  as others have commented  the armhole openings are just too long causing the dress to fit and look a little off around the chest area on me. i considered sizing down to a 4  but it fit beautifully other than the armhole area. unfortunately it will have to go back. i am 5'7" 120 lbs  34d and ordered a 6.
I normally get a small in this style shirt but it didn't fit at all so i had to send it back. too bad
These are literally the most comfortable and the softest jeans i have ever owned. i just got them a few weeks ago and i'm already obsessed with them. they have the perfect amount of stretch that makes them flattering and comfortable but they don't stretch out like all my other jeans do. i ordered my usual size 28 and they fit great! can't recommend these enough!
Super cute dress but the waist band is very large and bulky.
I wanted to love this dress  and thought it would be perfect for a barn wedding i have coming up. it was allllllmost right but sadly fell short. the bib that hangs over the bust hits in a really unflattering mid point that makes you look wide. nipple tassels effect. plus i would feel the urge to keep pulling it down. did notice some of the puckering others mentioned but didn't bother me  however  the way the lining and the dress line up at the bottom did. so close  so sad
I agree with other reviewers that the material is pretty thin  and it would make a far better swimsuit cover-up or pajamas than an actual dress -- unless you don't mind that it is semi see-thru. however  that said  i do love it! it is soft  the cut on top is nice and the strappy back is pretty  and it is flattering -- as long as your tummy is fairly flat because it does hug your body as you move (so no bread and pasta). i have worn it a couple of times already  and i have received compliments on
I bought a size small (5'6" & 130lbs). it was baggy everywhere so i added a belt similar to the model and it did help some but the pockets stuck out too much. i ended up looking "hippy" with no butt. the material is nice and it is a nice quality. i just didn't have enough to fill it out anywhere and i felt if i got a xs it would have been too short in the crotch area.
Overall  it's a beautiful dress  and i really wanted it to work. but the material feels cheap (at least not what you'd expect for the price)  and as other reviewers have mentioned  it's just a tad too short. for reference  i'm 5'5  125 lbs and the 2 fit well  but hung well above my knees. there's no way i could wear this without unintentionally flashing a few people. sadly this dress will be returned.
This is a beautiful blouse that runs one to two sizes too small. i usually wear an 8  maybe a 10 on a bad day. i couldn't get into the 8  the 10 was uncomfortably tight  and even the 12 was snug (i haven't worn a size 12 anything since i was pregnant years ago). i think this blouse would look best on a woman without any curves as it adds curves to any woman's body. since i already have curves  i felt like jessica rabbit in this blouse. it was too much for me. again  lovely blouse  but i would no
I don't know if i was sent a petite by mistake  but this is not 39 inches long. i realize it says swing dress  but i thought if the length was accurate and the fabric heavy enough  the weight would make it flattering on me. as it was in reality--short and light-weight fabric--it poofed out in an unattractive way. too bad  as the print is lovely.
I love the relaxed flattering fit of these pants but the navy die runs..a lot. the first time i washed them t did so per instructions on the label. i did my next load of laundry and everything turned blue/ grey! i tried washing them again with vinegar to set the color and hopefully that will help. lots of color running still though  so to be safe wash and then run washer with nothing in it to clean it before doing more laundry. i'm keeping them because i like the pants  but wanted to let you kno
I love this skirt!! it slips seamlessly from day to night  and looks great on those of us who happen to be on the taller side. it's super warm  so it's perfect with tights and boots on those colder winter evenings out.
This is a great skirt that could be worn to a wedding or worn more casually with a cool tshirt. it is not too puffy and the inner skirt is stretchy and more fitted. i had to size 1 size down. really nice.
This top is huge! i'm typically a size 2 or 4. i bought the 2 and its huge. it's wider than it is long. even if i sized down to a 0 it would still be too much fabric. i'm so disappointed! beautiful color and fabric but there's so much fabric. i love a flowy top but this one is way too much. :( i will be returning this top.
The sweater is very soft. it has an interesting pattern. i purchased the neutral color in size xs which runs tts. it's definitely a cozy sweater to wear this winter.
This blouse was so cute  i really wanted to love it. as others mentioned  there is something wrong with the fit. i'm not a large person  but the top was tight even though i ordered a medium and a small.
This shirt is tough for me because i loved the front  which fit nicely  but i'm petite and the back had a giant extra piece of fabric that bumped out because of the cross straps  i wish it wasn't so wide so i could have bought it!
The dress is really frumpy standing up. something about the bottom tier of lace just turns it into a frumpy maw-maw nightgown. the lace is really pretty  though
There is no way this is worth the price. i was deeply disappointed when it arrived. the material is thin and feels cheap. i love the design  and anna sui  but this is just so overpriced.
I saw this in the store a few weeks back and desperately wanted it. when it wet on sale  i grabbed it! i normally wear an xs or petite s  but with this one  the petite m was the winner! i am chesty and the top would not have zipped up had i gone any smaller. it is a bit wide on the bottom  and i agree with the reviewer who said it should be a bit more tailored on the bottom. still  with some awesome heels  this is a great summer piece! the lining is great quality. love it!
When i first saw this dress i was in love. i adore mexican print clothing and i couldn't wait to try this on. unfortunately  it is not as described  and it looks better in the photo than in person. the dress looks like it is embroidered  and it is not- the design is printed. second  it is described as a stretch fabric-lycra spandex-there was no stretch at all except for the back waist which was elastic and the fabric was very stiff. it pulls on over your head and there is no zipper. i couldn't e
Love this top! it has a beautiful appliquã© that is reminiscent of many past retailer favorites. it's comfy  yet cute and fashionable.
I have had good luck with cloth and stone and this did not disappoint. i knew i would like it because i have this same top in a long sleeve and sleeveless. it is cute  not too sheer and easy to iron.
I love this dress because its very playful and bouncy. it puts me in a light hearted mood when i wear it. i originally wanted to buy the grey color but my store only had the navy  so i tried it on. the navy is brighter and more colorful than it looks on line and the stripes are more varied in color than in the picture - so its quite appealing and vibrant. the lines of the dress are also quite flattering. all in all  its a fun dress!
This tank (in black) is nice quality  most of the fringe hangs straight and seems to be attached well. it's just too short and too boxy for my figure (curvy/hips). would look good on someone who has straight hips and is not long waisted. since that doesn't describe me  it has to go back.
I have worn this with a tank and shorts and know it will be a great fall piece over a long sleeve tee. the pattern is pretty and the fabric is soft and warm. it can be casual or dressed up. this product is true to the picture- what you see is what you get.
This blouse is a disappointment . fabric is cheap looking and the cut is very off. just odd. sleeves awkward . the back of the white shirt on the on-line model is not the same as the white shirt i received. mine was plain in the back like the blue shirt on line even though my shirt was white. no ruffle. returned.
I'm just ordering my 3rd pair!! i first got the grey   just about live in them! super comfy and flattering! then i got the off white and now i ordered the green which i cannot wait to get. great pant!
I have to send the skirt back. i agree with other reviewers who say the slits are extremely high  the "underskirt" bunches and the fabric snags easily. additionally  the yarn was already fraying at the top of the slits  and the label was stitched on the outside of the waist band. disappointed in the quality of this skirt  given the pretty steep price.
I just bought this at the store. i simply couldn't resist! it is very light and comfortable and could easily be dressed up or dressed down  sandals and a crossbody bag for exploring the city  strappy healed sandals and some flashy jewelry for a garden party or day event  slip on booties and a cardigan for the evening. can't wait to rock it. in terms of sizing  i am 5'5 150 with 36dd bust and some hips and booty. usually i am a size 6-8/m in dresses and pants but in true retailer style  i ended up
I agree with the other reviewers. i ordered 2 of these but had to return both because the zippers didn't work. when i returned them  the saleslady said many people had problems with them.
This is a great feminine top i just wish it were a little bit longer for my taste  it hit about two inches below my belly button. it was a little snug around the belly area so that's why i feel it runs small for the brand  usually the brand runs true to size but not for this top
This top is lovely. it's got a decent length to it  so it can be tucked into nice pants or a skirt. the gold beading design on the shoulders is a little heavy  which can sometimes cause it to slip/sag off the shoulder -- not entirely off  but enough to reveal a bra strap for a kind of off-shoulder look! it's very flattering if you tuck it in  or even if you don't. i got this top in red  and it's lovely --a little more towards than coral side than crimson.
Love how this fits. length is great so i didn't need to hem (you wouldn't be able to). flattering on muscular/athletic legs/bottom. i bought in navy and then had to buy it in another color it fit so well.
I love byron lars. very taken with his fabrics and design concepts and i have ordered several of his dresses but i believe i need to surrender to the fact that they do not work for my body type. the dress is gorgeous in person: all the fabrics are great  the dress is fully lined and lots of nice finishing touches. it is a unique and very striking dress; this one i really wanted. however  it is designed for a woman who is proportionally longer  leaner with a larger bust size than i have. i ordere
I'm 140 at 5' 8". pear shape. the pockets really opened up when i put them on and didn't lay flat. loose on leg opening - which i liked. but the pockets sticking out around the hip area made my pear shape even wider. i got a medium
This is a nice shirt and very flattering. the ivory is actually more of a tan/brown- i would not call it ivory or off white. the material has a nice texture to it as well. it does run big and long so keep that in mind when purchasing.
I recommend with reservations. these leggings are 100% wool  soft  not itchy  light weight  lovely knitted pattern. they run large. i sized down to a small. the first time i wore them they were fine. but the second time the waist stretched out and was useless: they were falling down as i walked. such a shame because everything else about them is perfect for cold winter days. they even fit under my silk skirt and would make other lighter garments wearable in winter. so what to do? at the price th
I love this swimsuit - the color  the pattern and the coverage! the material is different for me  but easy to get on and off. my complaint is that  although the backside looks great  there is no padding in the front. for a full coverage suit  this leaves little to the imagination. i'm torn on finding justification to keep it.
These jeans are well-made  the cut is decently flattering  but on more muscular thighs  it would look nicer if the cuff was a bit higher. the petite on me was just below the ankle  so it just looks like i folded my jeans because they were too long. if you are taller or have longer legs (mine are short on my short height)  then i think these would be great. i dind't find them particularly small  but htey were snug (muscular thighs). overall  ok but returning them. (25 p ordered  115 lbs  26.5 in
The dress is too loose and runs too big
I'm super happy with this dress! it's extremely well made  very light and comfortable and the shoulder cutouts are tastefully done. this dress is cotton but doesn't look cheap or too casual; it's one of those rare finds that will look great dressed up or down. this will absolutely work across seasons  with leggings and boots/booties or bare legs and sandals when spring comes around. i do feel like it runs a little large  but again it's 100% cotton so i know there will be some shrinking when wash
I was so excited when this dress arrived today. as other reviewers have mentioned  the fabric is lovely  soft and drapey and it feels great on. it felt great  that is  until i looked in the mirror. while the dress fit fine  i have a large bust  and the fabric stretched across the bust  causing the print to appear washed out across the bust. not a good look. sigh. another return.
I tried on the xs petite  and liked it but didn't love. the arm holes seemed big  you could see my pink bra peeked through on te sides. also  the material is soft but thin (see through  somewhat). the xs petite  just seemed big overall  i would try the xxs petite if it goes on sale and is available. i am 115 lbs  30dd for reference.
I originally got this for myself but it was just a little bit more snug than i liked. i ended up giving it to my daughter. it fits her nicely and she wore it to her holiday party at work and it was a hit!!
Bought it on sale and i am keeping it. it is well made an the material seems to be of good quality. however  i believe this would be more flattering on someone less curvy - less hips  smaller bust - as it makes me look slightly pregnant. still  i am keeping it to use on those days i just don't feel like dressing up for work. i bought a large (i'm a 36-38c)  but i think i could've gotten away with a medium.
I saw this blouse in the store a few weeks ago and thought it was really pretty- great colors and fun beading around the wrists & hem. went online to order the petite size and when it arrived i literally couldn't believe it was the same shirt! it was so washed out compared to the one in the store and the petite size is very short (and i'm only 5 feet tall so that's saying something!). the neckline is very wide and open- not even sure what kind of bra wouldn't show?? sadly i wasted the shipping c
The fit on this shirt is bizarre--it very much resembles a nursing top (but wouldn't actually work for that purpose). the side visible in the picture is nicely draped  but the other side can flap open and is completely different. i tried two different sizes and both were equally unfortunate!
Great fabric but unfortunately it did not look good on me. maybe on a tall person  i'm only 5'4". really wanted to like this...
I love this sweater! i ordered the dark gray and wasn't expecting fabulous but that's what i got. the skirt below the waist tie is actually pleated so that it falls perfectly. the seaming detail is beautiful. i am between a size large and extra large and the extra large fit perfectly. the sweater is short  half way down my hips but looks good over a long tank. this a medium weight knit and will be wearable all year with skirts  dresses and any kind of trousers. this is one of my favorite purchas
I hate to be so negative but i can't believe this shirt has so many positive reviews. it is stiff  silver lace and hangs funny if you have a chest. adding a cami undnerneath makes it worse. looks cheap.
The skirt is totally see through unless you wear a slip. even though it has a built in slip  it is still see through. the problem is that the slip is made out of the same super thin polyester material as the outside skirt. if it wasn't see through i would keep it.
This dress is lovely - the soft material is prettier in person and the fit is perfect for me. i found it tts  wearing my normal s. i'm 5'8.5" and it hits me a little lower towards my ankles than pictured  but doesn't the floor. it will be perfect for an upcoming wedding rehearsal lunch and a go to summer dress after that!
This skirt is so much better in person than in the pictures. fit is true to size  perfect drape  lined & not clingy  just perfect in every way. it's at such a decent price point too that i think it will sell out--grab it now in your size while you can!     only "con" i can think of is that it might be a bit long for petite sizes  but maybe they make it in petite...?
I saw this skirt online and went to the store immediately to try on. i was a bit disappointed. the size is tts but the prints were prettier online. the material is ok. the regular is long so probably won't look good on a shorter person  if it is still available when the price comes down  i might buy it.
I really liked the style and fit of this shirt but i'm giving it a 2 because i shirt should last longer than 6 months. i've taken it to the cleaners 2 times and the fabric behind the tag beneath the collar has fallen apart and there are holes.
So disappointed. bought these in a 29 and should've gone with a 28. they're super cute - i got the green. the fit is off. like the other reviews  they stretch out way too much. i would return these but have already washed them. they wash terribly  too. there are weird fading marks all over  even when washed in cold water like the tag states. so disappointed that i spent my gift card from christmas on these. i've been a loyal retailer customer for years and this is the first time i've been severely
Comfy and lightweight - beautiful blue color. sleeves are a bit long but not a bother to me.
This is the perfect casual yet stylish dress. and  it's extremely comfortable!
I saw this top online and loved it. i wasn't sure about sizing and because i don't live near a store i decided to order two sizes. i'm 5'8" and typically wear an 8 or medium in tops. the 8 in this top though was much too tight in the shoulders. i sized up to a 10 and it fit beautifully!
After seeing how this looked on model in the picture i had a feeling it might be not only a bit short but also high waisted. so i took a chance and ordered a regular size 2. i am 5'1 115lbs  so i typically order a petite 2. received this today and am very happy i made that choice. the waistline hits where it should and the skirt hit right at my knees. the fabric is perfect for winter. i was actually surprised at the weight of the dress when i pulled it from the box - it was very heavy. the lace
Great sweater vest. its not too thin or too thick  just right for fall or winter when its time to start layering. the material is a nice soft knit and the zipper on the back is a great addition. its easy to put on and i don't worry about the zipper snagging the material and causing any damage. i plan on pairing it with a polka dot long sleeve shirt that i have and it looks great. i am looking forward to wearing this when the weather becomes cooler. highly recommend. i am a 36b and usually wear a
I'm 5'10"  140lbs and this dress fits exactly like shown on the model. hits right above my knees in front and an inch or so below my knees in the back. i didn't find it to be too blousey at all. i'm more pear shaped so i like that this is flowey around my hips and bum. purchased a size 6 and it fits well over my chest and arms. if you're busty or have muscular arms i can see how this might feel more restrictive. great staple to my wardrobe!
This top was supposed to be 23 1/4 inches long in petite. it's actually 28 1/2 inches long.  it's also large in width. hard to believe it's an extra small petite.
This dress didn't work for me for several reasons  but i knew i wouldn't keep it as soon as i saw the ribbing on the neck and arms  which makes an otherwise flexibly styled dress (dress up/dress down) into super casual only (plus it looks cheap). it is also not for the long waisted or tall.    on the plus side  the fabric feels great  and it hangs well.
Tried this on in store with red ag ankle jeans and the only thing i could do was chuckle. it looked like a sleeveless lab coat or butchers coat. take your pick this styling was not for me. the fabric is nice not flimsy. you can see whatever pants your wearing underneath but i guess that's a moot point since it does have a substantial side slit. it does run tts. i'm 5'3ish  118# and the size 2 fit ok. probably would have sized up to the 4 because a slight pull at the chest (34d-dd). in the end i
This top was way too short (i'm only 5'1) and way too wide. the cut of this top was so wide  it looked like a tent on me. i really wanted to love this top because the material and style (sleeves  ruffle) are beautiful  unfortunately there is something wrong with the cut. i've have several blouses made by one fine day  which fit nicely  for some reason this top did not. i ordered in my usual s size  even going to an xs would not work because the cut is wrong.
As soon as i saw this dress i ordered it...i didn't want to miss out on it. i loved the look...the colors were so fun and bright...i thought it was going to be my perfect dress for an upcoming trip to hawaii. i am 5'4" about 118#. i ordered a pxs. when it arrived i loved the feel of the fabric and the colors but was wondering what it would look like on as it was a lot of fabric. i know it is to be flowing but on me it was just awful. part is that the ties on the shoulder are sewn in place so i c
On the hanger  this looks like a great lbd. on me  not quite. the bell shape of this dress made it appear that i was carrying extra weight in the middle.  for reference  i tried a 0p  and i'm 5 1"  102#  and 34a.
I purchased this and another eva franco dress during retailer's recent 20% off sale. i was looking for dresses that were work appropriate  but that would also transition well to happy hour or date night. they both seemed to be just what i was looking for. i ordered a 4 regular and a 6 regular  as i am usually in between sizes. the 4 was definitely too small. the 6 fit  technically  but was very ill fitting. not only is the dress itself short  but it is very short-waisted. i am only 5'3"  but it fe
For reference i am 5'5' 138 lbs with an hourglass figure and my usual small fit perfectly. the problems: 1. this skirt is not black but a charcoal gray/purple. 2. the sipper is reinforces with a stiff boarder on the inside so no matter where i put the waist it sticks straight out making me look like i have a tail under my skirt. in other words  i had a very pointy butt. also the slit or tulip part of the skirt goes all the way up to the waist  it needed to be tacked to the other part of the skir
Unfortunately had to return this. i loved it but just doesn't work for my petite size.
These pants looked worn  washed & old looking when i received them! the quality is super thin cotton as if it's been washed a million times & is about to fall apart! the workmanship is terrible. you can see loose stitching all over. the top portion is too tight & looks terrible stretched out. i liked absolutely nothing about this pants except the idea of them from the picture online...
I was really excited to get this top in the mail; unlike other reviewers  i didn't find that the top fit small  but i thought that the tight fit across the shoulders and chest didn't look good with the billow-y torso of the top. i think this top would be flattering on really thin girls  but i'm very tall and broad shouldered  so it didn't look as good on me.
I got this shirt 2 weeks ago and have already worn it 4 times! i love it and every time i wear it i get compliments on it. it is so flattering with jeans or nice fitted black pants. if you are wavering about getting this shirt.... get it. i promise you will love it.
I love the colors in this top  but sadly i'm going to have to return it. the first thing my husband did when he saw this on me was just stare  and not in a good way. then he said it looked like a maternity top. i was so disappointed  and sadly will be returning this. for reference  i am 135 pounds. 5-ft. 4-in tall and do not want to look pregnant in a top. i normally wear size medium tops  but this one is huge. now i know why the model in the picture had her arms nestled in at her sides. this to
I got this in blush pink and the details are very pretty. the dress is wide  might have a tailor bring it in on the sides  but its very comfortable and i like that it covers my arms a bit  but still keeps you cool.
Although this is a very lovely dress in the pictures  and it has a lovely quality in person  the shape and orientation of the dress is very awkward. the attached slip makes it tricky to put on  and the sizing between the top and the hips seems inconsistent (tight in the hips  large in the top). not quite for my body type - maybe better for someone with slim hips and a bigger bust.
The colors on this are beautiful! i have wider hips and thighs and this blouse just looks too boxy on me. i ordered a size down and from that aspect it fit. however  it is too flowy and boxy for my body type. i considered keeping it for layering but even on sale  it is too expensive for this purpose. i'm so bummed because the colors are so pretty!
I ordered the blue version of this dress thinking the accent stripes were black. they were not ! they were wine colored. i liked the color  but not in combination with the other colors in the dress. black would have been a better look. i had to take it back. sad...
Love these leggings. great fit  great look. perfect with boots and oversized sweater. bought a couple of different fabrics. highly recommend.
Love it to layer. it is not heavy the perfect weight & soft material. my daughters all want to steal it!
This is a unique blouse  it reminds me of the unique items i would find at the store many years ago. it is a gorgeous item. it does have a boxy fit  but it is not unflattering. i am very pleased with this purchase and would recommend this product.   the quality is nice and it is an item that people will notice.
Nothing wrong with the dress  sadly it's the body i'm putting it on that's less than perfect. fits fine and tts  but just doesn't do anything for my bit wide hips  other than adds to them. hangs nicely  but jersey top and nylon bottom add to the wide hip issue. that said  i think i may still keep it as its a great length (not too short) and a nice  simple dress. really versatile.
I'm a 5'7"and curvy  these pants fit well and are so comfortable. i think everyone should own at least one pair!
I didn't think anything of this top online (i really don't care for how they styled it) but in store it was more interesting. i'm currently anywhere between a 2-4-6 / xs-s-m  depending on the style  5'3" 120lb 34b. size 2 regular in this top fit me perfectly. for some reason  on me  the sleeves were elongating and flattering (closer to my elbow) and the overall length hit me perfectly at the hip like on the model  the fabric is lightweight and therefore slightly sheer but  due to the color and p
I ordered this online  and took it back the day i got it. i could not fit the neck hole over my head  therefore i couldn't even see how it truly fit. i had high hopes for this dress.
Looks beautiful online but has too much material and the zipper catches on the lace. also runs very large  i am normally a small but would need and xs in this dress
I was happy to receive this sweater in no time at all. when i opened the package it seemed too thin  however  after trying it on  it's the perfect fit and style. can be worn with jeans or skirts and even dress slacks. great buy.
These are great  the colors are a little different in real life. they are really great but i think they are a bit delicate and i hope they hold up.
I got this top in white and really like it. its soft  comfortable fits well but it is a little see through.
I am somewhat of a perennial sale-only retailer purchaser (often even when a promo code  i don't buy full price! lol!). when i saw this top i decided it was worth it. i got the penguin print - my 2-year-old squealed when she saw me pull it out of the box! thanks  retailer  for your woodland-inspired prints that enamor my little one.  maeve tends to run big  so i went with the 00. in my opinion  it fits true to size. i probably would have liked it just a little bigger  maybe the 0 would have been bes
I bought this in black. it's a great long length. i have long arms so the sleeve length is great. it's really soft. only issue is seems to sag a little in the middle instead of being flowy. overall a good tunic.
The skirt is very pretty  but it's not as dark as the street pictures which i like those colors better. it's also super long. it will have to be hemmed if i decide to keep it. for reference  i'm 5'7" and it was sweeping the floor (size medium). given the price  i'm not certain i will keep it. i'll try it on a few times  then decide.
I really loved the material and the feel of this item  however it does run very large. even though it is meant to be loungewear it is great as a top with skinny jeans or leggings.
Visions of sartorial splendor danced in my head as i planned my instagram posts centered around this coat. and then it showed up on my door and my dreams were crushed. i'd already read the reviews and knew the coat was unlined and would be oversized. i did not expect it to be soooo sloppy. especially around the collar. there is nothing crisp about it. i've had boiled wool outer ware before that held its shape much better than this. if i wanted fleece i wouldn't have picked retailer as the s
I love this shirt so much i bought it (nearly) full price with my birthday month discount! get it! i purchased the red and also like the black/white polka dots - hangs beautifully  feels heavenly and polished and fun at the same time. i bought the medium am generally a medium.
Beautiful print. agree with other reviewers that the small snap at the bust is inadequate for anyone with a d or greater bust size. the dress was a perfect length on me with heels - even after i kicked off my heels i didn't find it too long like other reviewers. wind does open op the front so i may get it altered so it's no longer a true wrap dress
Just bought this top in an xs and i can&amp;#39;t wait to wear it.  i&amp;#39;m 5&amp;#39;3 and 115 pounds. i usually stick with the petitie tops but the regular one fit me perfectly. you might need to wear a cami as it is a little see through.  a great addition to my wardrobe.
I tried this blouse on in the store. i'm generally an 8 or 10 in this brand. i got down to a size 4 and gave up. this blouse is huge all the way around. the detail on the blouse is pretty  but the tent like cut made it impossible for me to buy it. i know retailers blouses can be swingy and flows but this went way beyond. perhaps on a tall person the swing would work but on a short person like myself...i looked ridiculous.
Lovely silky top (100% poly). i typically look better in more cool tones. this top is neutral enough that i could pull it off. it really has three very pretty  complimentary patterned fabrics. the front v is very deep and the arm holes are quite roomy so either size down or plan on wearing a cami to conceal cleavage and bra.
This dress felt small in torso and waist and suffocating in sleeves ( i do have average athletic arms). but the shoulders were cut so wide that one side was falling off  as i fix  one shoulder  another will slide down. the material is nice but since it is not lined  it feels inexpensive  disposable.
This cardigan is made of nice materials and is lined  but it is boxy and totally un-fitted. i swim  which means i have large shoulders  and this thing makes me look like a boxing champion  well a fat boxing champion as it has not waste-line. the sleeves are too long  and as usual  retailer saves on money by using little cheap hooks instead of buttons as a closing system  so if you choose to close this cardigan  it just looks awful.
I guess i am in a comfort clothing mood these days since i have been looking at a lot of them lately! this one is a nice thicker material and i like that the sleeves go all the way down  but i am not a fan of the design. i felt the color scheme was very plain. the neckline comes up higher on me than i would have expected and makes me feel like i am choking. it is not a flattering cut on me and does not accentuate anything i would want it to  nor does it hide imperfections. it truly is comfort we
Fight a bit snug over the bust then widens like a bell. not as cute as it looks in the photo. returned.
I stumbled upon this item at my local retailer  and immediately had to true it on. the colors are so lovely in person. after trying it on  i was disappointed :( the material has a foamy/air feel to it  and the skirt seems to run small. needless to say  i didn't purchase this item.
Looks great on the photo and from previous reviews i decided to give it a try. the material seems cheap and stiff. would not fit my frame well.
This jumper is so cute  it is soft  and you can dress it up or down depending on where your going.
Very much in love with this ethereal  delicate dress. the silk is very light and slightly clingy  so take caution when wearing. the belt can be adjusted as modeled or you can get creative as there is length the play with. the liner finishes above the knee on me in medium petite. those of slender torsos and small busts may want to size down  otherwise tts. for reference i am 5'3" 36dd 140#
In the store i was immediately drawn to the blue/white combination  but on the opposite side of the rack hung the spring colored one  which i ultimately tried on. it was obvious that the dress was a bit oversized  so i chose the smaller of my two dress sizes (10) to try on. this was the right choice  but it was still really big. i am not sure that i could have gone down another size (mostly i wear a 12 in dresses that are fitted)  due to my bust (36c) and broad back/shoulders. from the front  th
This was just not flattering for me--looked too much like a maternity dress. i can't really do a belted waist so perhaps that would make this dress more versatile for someone else. i was sorry to have to return because it goes well with sandals and boots!
Based on other reviews  i ordered these trousers in my regular size 8 (dark grey) and up one size10 (black motif). the size 8 fit perfectly; and the size 10 are too big (returning). i am not sure what the other reviewers experienced  but size 8 in this brand fits  regardless of style. i also prefer the solid grey  but that is just a personal choice. i felt the black motif trousers looked like pajama bottoms.
I loveeeeeeee this dress! i saw it online and immediately loved the blue/ orange large floral print but so did everyone else and it sold out quick. but i thought the shape could be flattering so i ordered in the black polka dot and loved the shape! so flattering. i ended up going in store and buying the other two colors. the patterns are vibrant and lovely shape. my only concern was seeing it in store i noticed it stretching while just hanging on the hanger. i wish the fabric was of better quali
I just picked this up today in the store and i have to say i really love it! on the site i thought it was just "meh" but in person the space dye is interesting and the seam detail make the sweater better than i expected. it definitely runs large  i sized down to an xs (usually a s  size 4/6) and it's still slouchy and comfortable without looking sloppy  the dolman sleeve gives you plenty of room in the chest and the neck isn't at all tight. it's soft and just an overall cute sweater!
I bought this on sale thinking it was a great deal  but when it came in i found it to fit like a totally unflattering sack. the pattern didn't help anything  looking totally faded and washed out...the fabric and overall quality is nice  but the fit and pattern are just so..ugly  unfortunately. had to return it.
I love these jeans! i really like the way they fit and haven't had problems with them stretching out like other reviewers have.
Again  maeve knocks it out of the park with this skirt! great quality  style and comfort! i love that it's machine washable. so great and versatile for work or a night out! this is not a "con" but might be a bit long for short ladies. i'm 5'6" and it's below the knee.
This dress is so beautiful & fits my hourglass figure perfectly. it's fully lined & the print is nicer in person. very easy dress to wear to many summer occasions! i'm an 8-10 on top & 10-12 on the bottom. size 10 dress fit perfectly!
Purchased in the light grey and was so excited  i wore it the very next day. the back detailing and pocket make it more unique than a regular tee and the fabric is slightly heavy (in a good way) so it hangs beautifully. easily can be dressed up or down. new favorite tee!
Gorgeous color! salmon not pink though! lovely soft drape fabric but the itty bity thread and hook in the center is awful! i am a size 2/4 d cup and ordered a small and the closure is not adequate at all! it looks terrible closed and is too revealing without a cami underneath. does not fit like the model!
This shirt is not what i expected. i ordered the "green" motif  which is not green at all but black. in the product photos the drawings appear to have a white outlining but its brown. the shirt is made of a good quality cotton and fits great. i ordered the medium. which gave me a lot of extra room to where i could have sized down to a small. for reference i am a 36b and usually wear a medium in most retailer tops. i don't plan on keeping this because i was really hoping for a white background to t
As the other reviewer said  the skirt had this weird bunching on both sides of the hips-it was ridiculous. i don't know how anyone could wear it-looks like you had two little triangle things poking out from each hip. i'm long and lean so usually skirts like this fit me well. very very strangely constructed-i couldn't keep it even at the deeply discounted price
I loved the contrast of the front panels and sleeves/back of this sweater. it has a coat look with the ease of a sweater. the arms seem very long and i wish i went with an xs as where i live not much laying is needed. but overall this is a lovely sweater!
My only complaint is that there is no lining. it also came very wrinkly and i need to figure out how to steam it.    however the fit is perfect (tts) and it is so very flattering!
I got both colors as i'm not sure when a style that is so perfect for me will come around again. these are beautifully designed and very slimming. they are described as crops but i am 5'5" tall and the length is perfect  approximately 1/2 above the heel of my shoe. no alterations required!!! usually retailer pants are extremely long for me but these citizens of humanity cords are the perfect length. the colors are just as pictured-i was surprised by another review that described the navy as
I love this dress! i do agree with the other reviewers - it does come up higher on the sides. it has a hi-lo hem style on me  but i'm short (5'3") and got the petite xxs and it's not too short to wear as a dress. it's super cute!! if you're short(er) and don't mind showing a little leg  i highly recommend it :)
I ordered my usual size small. i din't notice any fit problems after taking a quick look in the mirror the first day i wore them to my muscle training class. (this garment is more skin revealing than i really like  but i need to stay cool in the summer heat.) during the work-out i noticed that the leg edges of the shorts showed fat bulges; this was ugly  embarrassing  and unnecessary since i do not have overly fatty legs. later i noticed that the low-waist line of the shorts showed bulging fat a
I'm happy i bought this top. it's very cute and almost a little immature/childish  but with the right bottoms it looks classy. i found it to run large so i sized down one size and it fits good  though the straps can feel a little tight if it rides up. it washes beautifully. will probably not work on large chested women.
I wish i had read all the reviews before purchasing. the sweater looked liked everything i would be interested in online. once i pulled it out of the bag  my first thought was how could retailer send me a used  washed and shrunken sweater. it is nothing like the picture. it fits like a midriff top  not exaggerating. i'm 5.6  ordered the m  don't waste your shipping money on this.
I love this blouse but my normal size didn't even come close to fitting me. i think i would have had to go 2 sizes up. too bad cause it is a beautiful top. not good for us busty girls though.
These shorts are great  both the design and fit are beautiful. i would say that these run true to size  i bought my usual size  26  and they fit perfectly. they fit a little high waisted  which i love. the material is so soft and are so comfortable. i would recommend these shorts if you're thinking about it!
I loved these and wore them once (i bought the red ones) and the stained my furniture and my shirt so i washed them a few times in hopes of getting out all the extra dye- ruined yet another chair!!! so annoyed. i loved them but they are not worth it.
I almost bought this skirt yesterday in store  but decided against it because the fabric was subpar. the skirt i tried on was snagged and unraveled. i selected another skirt  which i purchased. as the sales associate was folding the skirt  i noticed that this one was also snagged and unraveling. despite loving the style and fit  i had to be realistic with my lifestyle and decided to return it then and there. if there were two severe snags on two skirts before even leaving the store  how would th
Wasn't crazy about this top. it looked great online but in person it's just a boring and lifeless top.
Tried this on in the store and fell in love. it's such a simple shirt but the details are special. runs tts. will get a lot of use out of this.
Bought this dress on sale in the orange as i feel like everything i have is black. it is a pretty orange not too bright  more of a rust color. it is very soft as stated in other reviews and has a nice built in slip that is very comfortable. i worry about pilling down the road but will have to wait and see. i am not crazy about the seams down the chest area. i think they could be more flattering but overall the dress is comfortable  cute and easy to wear  a perfect dress for the fall/winter with
This style is very pretty and flattering. i love the flow of the material and the open shoulders are nice for the design
I have been wearing tankinis for a long time and haven't worn a one piece in years. i'm 40 and  let's be honest  things don't look the same in a bathing suit as they did 20 years ago. this suit is very flattering - i'm not obese  but i do have a bit of a jelly roll in the stomach area and the combination of the polka dots and the ruching  as well as the construction of the suit itself with the side panels  really camouflages my stomach area. although there isn't underwire  which i prefer  i do f
I own two poodles and love anything poodle print. i was estatic to see this and i snagged it on sale. but it is horrible. the fit is like wearing a pillowcase. it was about 5 inches too wide on each side while the arms fit. it looked like it was attempting to have a dolman shape but it was way too short  wide  and wrong. i was in love with the print however i had to return it.
I love this sweater combo! as a larger woman  i am always looking for flattering tops. the draping in front covers all the right areas! i wish they made them in more colors!
I agree with the previous review that this skirt definitely runs small. i am normally a size 4 with rooms but this size 4 was very tight. i decided not to go through the trouble of exchanging and to keep it. my boyfriend seems to like the style more than i do so that's a good thing :)
This top does run large. i'm 5'8 142 lbs and usually a medium. i bought a small and probably could have gone xs. that said  i love this top. its soft and comfy and swingy. i bought the light red and its pretty true to the online color.
I purchased this dress in the blue version. its a lovely dress that would be perfect for summer. the dress fit tts on me .. it is a little low in the neck area and it is a little uncomfortable in the torso area. i am on the fence about keeping it. the skirt is flouncy  cute and fun. i hope i can get it to work
In the words of my husband  "looks like you're wearing a bag." i'm althetic and short. maybe this works best on tall and very slim?
This shirt is beautiful  however i thought that it was made of a softer  lighter material. it is  instead  made of a thick  heavy material that was unflattering for my shape. ( short torso ann's large bust) it made me look boxy and chunky in the middle. sadly  i'll be returning it.
I just bought this cardigan in black at the store and i love it. the tie at the waist is flattering and the fabric is soft and stretchy. the regular size fit me perfectly as far as where the waist and hem hit  although the sleeves had to be turned up (i'm 5'1" with more length in torso than limbs). i was so happy with the fit other than sleeve length that i bought the regular small rather than coming online for the petite. because the fabric is rather thin and the shape trim i can fold the sleev
Frumpy is the word i would use to describe this top. i look good in empire waist shirts and seek them out. but this one made me look pregnant and frumpy. and it has an attached camisole  but the sheerness of the top still showed my nude-colored bra strap. so i don't even know what to wear under it. it's going back  even with the sale price.
I ordered this in a size s  my usual size and it fits great. i love the color  style and fit of the dress. the only criticism i can think of is the braided trim on the skirt hits right at my hip and kind of  ever so slightly  poofs out a bit and i wish it had pockets. other than that it's pretty darn cute and i got it at a great price of under $40. so i will wear it as much as i can until it gets cooler. because of the rich color  i can probably wear with cute sweater and booties into the fall!
This is a great top. i love how it's loose and hangs away from my body but is banded at the bottom so it isn't shapeless. the tie at the neck is cute and gives it some personality.  i usually bounce between a s or xs. i tried the xs in the store but ordered the s.
I have to confess i had very high hopes for this dress. i was buying it as a stylish  modern alternative to a business suit. i wanted this dress to work as a piece to deliver presentations in or attend faculty functions. tailored  conservative  and edgy at the same time. several hundred dollars dress should meet the aforementioned needs  i thought. but it did not. the best description for the dress is "blah"  average.  the material is textures and crinkly  not slick. the top is cream/ivory color
This top seemed so unique online  but in person it was really nothing like the pics. super full  shorter cut. the quality wasn't what i thought it would be. i will gladly pay for nice quality fabric and unique prints anyday... but this wasn't any of those things..
This would be perfect except for the ridiculous attached scarf. the material is so soft and luxe. the colors are richer in person and perfectly go with everything. but the attached scarf ruins everything!! the scarf is not flattering and takes away form the cute buttons on the front. if the scarf could be removed it would be a great sweater coat. so disappointing.
The photos do not do this skirt justice! i'm so glad i picked it up in the store  as i would not have given it a second look online. it is soft  stretchy  forgiving  and one of the most versatile pieces in my closet! i dressed it up for an evening event and can't wait to throw it on with a tee and jean jacket! love it!
There's something wonderful about this tee. it's the way it fits. it hangs so nicely and is a wonderful year round item. i bought it in black for myself and one for my daughter. she ordered another color and i did  too. when i bought it  one of the gals at the store said it had been such a popular tee this year and  once i put it on  i understood why. i give it a high rating!
Saw this tunic on line and loved the color combo. tried it on at the store and found it to be true to size for me - i'm a 34 dd  5 ft 4 and the regular size 10 fit fine. i was curious to see if the petite size would fit best with the loops for the tie belt being a little higher  but none were available. still the regular 10 works well. excited to wear when the weather gets warmer like the model with white skinny or cropped jeans  and wearing it open as a duster with a tank or cami. seems very ve
I wanted to love this top. i really did. the color is beautiful  the embroidery is well done  the fabric is soft  and it feels like it would be very comfortable in the summer heat. but the armholes are big and so the holes show my bra which is not good. i guess i could wear a bandeau or tank underneath  but the armholes just kind of ruined my love for this top. i think i will try again and order next size down.
The stylist had me try this top on off the shoulders  but that was kind of snug  perhaps why it didn't fit right  it is not off the shoulders on this picture. the cut is loose  so it looked big on me  but going smaller would not have worked the way i had it on... may give it another try on. xs was big  so would need to try the xxs next time. but off the shoulders looked nice on the lady who was smaller built next to me!    colors are nice  light  but appropriate for fall (or summer!) light fabri
I love this pretty sweater. i am petite and thin and ordered the regular xs. the length was perfect- just below the hips. the sleeves are a bit long but you can pull them up a bit. this is a perfect winter dressy sweater to wear with black jeans or leather pants. the knit is very delicate and light but warm and the layered chiffon bottom makes it special.
This is beautiful fabric and a good fit  but it's such a pain to get on and off  that i just don't want to hassle with it. the button is in the back  and very tricky to reach. too bad  because otherwise it's darling!
Wish they had more colors in these pants. the dark grey is very nice  but i'd definitely take another color if offered. very cute pants. a fantastic deal at the sale price. but size down! they run a full size too big.
The fabric of this skirt is absolutely beautiful. however the fit  albeit unique  is not extremely flattering in my opinion. it may be because i am somewhat of a pear/hourglass shape rather than a more straight shape  but the fit is a little off imo. i am 5'8" and 135# and ordered both the 6 & 8 and felt the 8 fit a little better.
This blazer looks great on the model and i have a long torso so i thought it would be perfect. when i got it it looked like a big box and didn't fit anywhere. the shoulder pads were giant and the bottom of the coat was huge. i got a small based on other reviews  but it was way too big. sadly  i had to return it.
This was a very odd fitting top. i should have read the description more closely. the colors are beautiful but the cut hit me in all the wrong places.
I wasn't sure about this dress when i ordered it online  but thought i would give it a try. i am 5'2" (ordered an xs) and thought i may be too short to pull something like this off  and that it might look like a moo-moo or maternity dress on me. but  i absolutely love it! my husband does too...very sexy and low-key. i wore it for the first time today and received 5 compliments within an hour! this is going to be one of my favorites!
What i liked:  1. midweight fabric. it's not lined and when i read polyester in the description  i was worried that it might be thin  but this is a stretchy midweight fabric.  2. pretty pretty print    what i did not like:  1. i don't know what dress the model is wearing  but this was an empire waist dress on me. i'm 5'7". because it was empire waist  the long hem makes this look like a maternity dress on me.  2. the sleeves are cut oddly. they look too wide for the dress  even on this model.  3
Although i bought 2 sizes down from my regular size  they were still big and  made my derriere look flat. i would have kept them as weekend kick-around jeans  but the flat behind just made them a must return.
I was really excited to get this top but unfortunately its going to have to go back. i am 5'6 120 and usually a s fits. however  this was really tight. also  the material is really really thin for the $90 price-tag. save yourself some money and avoid this one.
I love this jacket. it's easy to dress up or be casual. the black is more like a very dark grey.
While you can't count on the photo on your monitor to portray the exact color of an item  these photos are way off.  instead of the warm charcoal i see online  the pants are more of a dusty blue.  the material has very little stretch and i couldn't get into the size 24s.  the 25s were tight in the entire leg but huge in the waist.  for reference i usually wear a size 24 in brands like 7 for all mankind and citizens of humanity.
I saw these in an email and immediately went to the web to look at them. they fit well and have nice slim look. the bottom of the legs seems to fit a little slimmer on me than in the picture  but they aren't too tight.
Love this dress so much  i bought the checkered  and then had to go back for the black! it is so worth the price. i wear it with sandals in the warm weather  and a blazer with boots in the cooler weather. it is beautiful and so flattering.
Way too big and had a granny like styling. was very excited but ultimately took it back.
I'm a 0/2 on top with 32d's and i purchased this top in a medium and it fit perfectly. pretty colors go with a mix of bottoms. design is both functional and attractive  which usually isn't the case with swimwear. love the underwire cups  adjustable ties and straps. and the fabric is really soft and comfortable.
Hi  i love this top. it not only is femine but it is wee bit sexy. it could be worn in the office then out for happy hour
I bought this sweater in the gray color and love it! it is so very comfortable  very soft. it looks great with jeans or leggings.
The navy blue lines on my dress on the very top of the interior layer can be seen through the upper layer at the very top and it looks cheap. for this price  i would expect more thoughtful patterning. the fit is amazing  so i am debating whether i should keep or return.
I ran to the store to try to this on after seeing it online. i'm usually between a small and medium on tops depending on the shirt; the 6 fit true to size. everything about this shirt fit perfectly and it is beautifully designed  but it is just soooo sheer. i had a nude bra on and you could see every detail of it through both the front and back. i couldn't wear this comfortably without a cami. disappointing as i had the highest hopes for finding a crisp white shirt for the summer!
I order from retailer regularly and am pretty consistently a 0 petite or xxs petite. i ordered this in a 0 petite and it was like 5 inches too small in the rib cage and chest area. even if i would have got it zipped up  the halter cut is cut narrow so you can't wear a bra for sure...strapless would be necessary. also  the actual neck part was tight. for reference  i am 5'3"  108 pounds and a 32c bust. it seems you need to be flat chested to pull this one off and maybe missing a few ribs.
The color says red but it's more like a rust. i'm 5'3" so it was long and would need to be tailored and the fabric is so thin i was afraid it would rip if it got caught on anything.    finally returned it without it making it out the door :(
This jacket is really cute. i tried in in a large in the store and was too big so i took a chance and ordered medium on line. i have broad shoulders so i was a bit worried. it's perfect. very fitted and cropped. but will look great to throw on over a dress. for reference i'm 5 foot 6 inches and a 34 c. 132lbs. slender but athletic. medium was perfect.
I picked this dress up to take into the dressing room to try on without looking at the price tag. im typically a small and he dress in store was an xs but because of the wrap i figured i'd try it anyway. this dress is to die for! the xs fit me just fine (though the snap at the chest wouldn't stay closed but i thought it looked ok). i looked at the tag after falling in love with the dress but left the store without it. i'm contemplating purchasing it still because i can't stop thinking about it!!
Comfort is very important to me. as someone who is not a skinny girl  slimming clothing is important to me. this top is very pretty  comfortable  and can be dressed up or down. it does require dry cleaning  which might be a con for some people.
I bought this for an upcoming late-september seaside trip because it looked like it would be warm enough for cooler nights  but not too warm because of the open weave. i just received it yesterday  and i adore it. i got the pink color and was really torn between the green and the pink. i was hoping the pink would look more beige from far away (per one of the other reviews) and i was happy that it does. up close you can really see the pink  but from an arm's length away or more  it looks beige wi
This dress is really pretty  but the fit is off. it is not fitted at the waist which made the back look poofy. also  the arm length is not flattering; it needs to be either longer or shorter. additionally  if one was to wear it a lot  the felting might start to fray.
Love the feminine styling of a classic tunic tee! i'll wear it with black leggings this fall. super cute to wear casually or dress up a bit with some jewelry and/or a scarf.
The fabric is beautiful  a bit sheer  but overall lovely. however  the sizing is really off. fyi: 36c  broad shoulders/back - my usual size in a fitted top (this one is very fitted in the waist and bust) is a 12. i tried the 12 and 14  and the side zipper wouldn't come near closing. it is very  very nipped right under the bust. so  if you have no bustline and a super small waist  this top is for you. if you are like me  high waist and straight up and down  this is a pass. in fact  it is really h
I usually wear a small or medium in meadow rue.  i am 5'2"  120#  broad shoulders.  i ordered both the sp & the mp.  i tried on the small petite first and it was too tight in the shoulders/arm (that was without lifting my arms forward or up).  i tried on the mp and it was perfect!  i would have to say this is my favorite fall top so far!  the color is very pretty . . .more of a lavender than pink.  the lace detail is delicate and pretty.  the top is more like a tunic  get the petite if you short
I was expecting a tunic with a bit of structure and weight to layer over leggings  with boots  etc.  this is just an oversized turtleneck - there's nothing special about it. it's thin material. nothing to justify the price.  the sizing seems odd. i'm normally a 2 on the top and 4 on the bottom. the xs was huge up top (i was swimming in it - much larger than it appears in pictures on the model) and spanned across my hips (more than the model).  even if i could find a size that worked  there was n
You've probably read through the other reviews  so i'll try not to repeat too much: __________ pros: - it is lightweight and flows beautifully  flattering every sort of shape and frame. - the leather circles throughout are darling and seem to be fairly secure (some of mine were a bit bent upon receipt). - the color is subtle yet not understated. it just works. not sheer  lining throughout that isn't itchy and some tulle on top of the lining to give it a bounce and fuller shape. - color is more t
This is a beautiful top  the fit is very flattering. i'm tall with broad shoulders and the sleeves hit just above my elbow. i wear it on the weekends and to work...very versatile. i washed it in the washing machine and hung to dry  it's the same size and no fading..not sure about the others below with shrinkage issues. highly recommend it!
Reviews said it ran small so i ordered a size up  was large on me. nicely made  but wanted something a little smaller.
Wow! great find and a true fit. i totally dislike pant shopping and these are a gem.  slimming  flattering and so comfortable  the style is great. great basic summer pant!
I love the fabric however the overall fit did not work for me.   i think the arms are much smaller than the overall shirt.
These tight cords are perfect for fall.
I fell in love with this romper and it was my go-to for any given day  but as soon it got wet the blue dye bled everywhere  so i had to return it.
Was excited to try this interesting skirt  as a mega bailey 44 fan. however  this skirt didn't fit well. the waist was fine but it then was boxy and shapeless on me in an xs/size 0. my piece also had a wrinkle from folding and i'm not sure how it would easily come out but the main thing is that the lines weren't flattering to the body. the "vegan" quilting isn't luxurious. i thought the diagonal zipper style was cool but it doesn't lay to advantage when worn and i'm an easy fit. length is so-so 
I waited and got this sweater at the winter sale. i ordered the navy in a medium. the design is pretty  but as has been said  i was surprised at how short it is. i do love the detail  the tie back. nice weight. i have not found it to be itchy. the sweater i received was a store return  and it was a little wrinkled and fuzzy  but for $35 i considered my hunt for the perfect navy pullover to be over. i do need to wear a cami underneath  as the sides are more revealing than pictures. the first day
So i was super excited to get this skirt  unfortunately it's not what i thought it would be. the color is much different then what pictured  it has bronze threading and the black on the picture is more gray in real life. the material isn't so great easier  i thought it would be thicker but instead it's pretty thin and wrinkles easy. the design is very cute and it is a flattering shape but the material is just too poor for me to give this a good rating. i wouldn't say it's itchy like the other re
The only thing i did not like about this jacket was that i could not find it in my size before it sold out! retailer  please bring back another iteration for spring!
The sweater is very comfy and looked good the first time i tried it on  however the material is thin and slightly see through. also  after one wear it completely stretched out and made the long sleeves awkward to wear without washing in between each wear. after the third time i wore it  i discovered a large hole in the armpit  most likely due to the excessive washing. i would not recommend this sweater.
I felt like this shirt cut me in the strangest way. the waistband is very fitted  but there is so much extra fabric above and below it that it poofs out like crazy and made me look like a had a droopy chest and wider hips. it's also see through.     fit is tts.
Cute shirt  it looked big so i ordered a size smaller. worked fine. would have liked the option to go even smaller so i would suggest ordering down. ultimately too baggy on my frame so sending back. fun shirt though!
Beautiful well made top.it just runs small not for me
Cute. i love the button back detail. but it's completely see-through. i could have worked with that by putting a cami underneath  but the arm holes were too tight. didn't look bad  just felt uncomfortable. you can't really tell in the pic  but there's elastic on the arm holes. it'll work if you have super skinny arms  but apparently i don't.
I absolutely love this skirt! the picture does not do it justice. it is absolutely beautiful and fits perfectly. i received so many compliments when i wore it!
This dress looks amazing on-line. in person the arm ruffles are much larger and stick out  and the dress at the bottom makes you look like strawberry shortcake. too much all over ruffling at the chest and is not flattering. pattern is dizzying in person.     very thin multi layer dress. should be better material and quality for this price. save your money and shipping.
I got these in kelly green because i am tired of all of the black and navy in my wardrobe  and i was not disappointed. the pants are well-designed and drape well. unlike a previous reviewer  i did not find the fabric to be cheap  but it is light and a little blousy--not bad for a warm region like mine. this polyester fabric has two advantages: no fading and no wrinkles. a good staple for work.
This dress is very beautiful - great fabric and colors - but it looked terrible on me because i have large breasts. i am 32dd and this dress made me look pregnant. if you have the right body type it would be a great breezy summer dress. i'm sad because i can't wear it:(
The fabric is wonderful  flows nicely and soft. i am 5'7"  145lbs and usually wear between a s and m. i ordered a s in this due to the majority of reviews and found it to fit my shoulders well and length was fine. after reading the reviews i was so excited to get it but for me it actually made me look larger. there was too much material for me on the bottom and it actually made me look like i had a "pooch"  never a good thing. i thought of returning for a m as i thought maybe it would have hung
Very well made  wonderful fabric. fit perfectly everywhere but the bust.
I am 5'8"  140lbs  pear-shaped. i ordered the s and it fit perfectly  just skimming the floor. the material is a beautiful gauzy metallic material that is lightweight with a beautiful drape and wonderful sorbet-inspired colors. the waistband is elasticized but not elastic  and there is no unflattering poofing  which can happen with skirts like this. the flaw  however  is in the decision to only half-line this skirt with an off-white jersey material. the half-lining isn't horrible but i found it
I love the shirt and it runs true to size everywhere but the arm holes. i bought a size small and the length was great  the fit was great  but the arm holes were gappy and big. i had to return it and was bummed because i loved it otherwise.
I loved this purchase. the dress is beautiful. it?s classy  very feminine and rich-looking. the colors and fabric are exactly as shown on a picture. it is tailored and non-stretch  so size has to be right. i am between 6 and 8 and my size m dress fits well. had to spend time shopping for a belt as the dress definitely needs one. gorgeous dress!
This just did not sit well on me. while the length was fine and the fabric was a nice thick weave with a flattering amount of stretch  the twist at the shoulder just looked odd. it did not sit flat at all  so it just looked like i had gotten dressed in the dark and had not managed to sort out my sleeves. given the spot-on quality  i would definitely look into other items from this brand  but back this dress went.
I am so amazed that i finally found the perfect  straight legged denim! not too skinny nor too tight b/c i have athletic calves. i have been waiting a long time! for reference i took a size 26 and usually wear a 2. it is great and comfortable for someone my age! i love these and they are the best investment.
This blouse is basically a rectangular piece of fabric that is folded over and sewn up the sides. the side seams are about 2-3 inches in from the edge of the fabric. the neck opening is finished nicely. the fabric has a nice drape to it  but the design on the front isn't as crisp and clear as i thought it would be; the design is a bit fuzzy. so i wish the picture on the front were clearer. i always wear an xl in retailer tops  but the size l in this fit nicely in the bust except is too snug at the
I purchased this dress for the second time: it is the gingham garden dress from 2015 that was blue and white. same dress  new name and color. generally  this dress is large overall and long. i wish i could have purchased the petite size. i liked it enough to have it in black and white. this time around i ordered one size down and fit is much better.  recommendation: order 1 size down from your normal sizing as dress runs large.  the quality of the knit material is soft and flowing.
The material is so soft and cozy. there is just enough padding to keep me warm all year round in southern california. but  i ended up leaving the store without this vest  bc 1)the cut is slightly boxy.  2) every vest had different color variations. you definitely should go into the store to check it out. the ones i saw made the vest have cheap pattern of wide stripes  not an even vintage fade as shown. i'm so sad as everything else is perfect. fits true to size
I had been eying this dress online for a while and when it finally came into stores i was so excited! this dress is so gorgeous and very flattering on my body. i love the bottom of it  it is more of a u cut in the front and square in the back. add an ada wrap belt and perfection!
Overall: soft material  cute pattern - but definitely a return as just didn't fit right.     fit: i am a six in most tops and based on the size chart - i ordered the size small. it fit comfortably around my bust - but the cup placement was basically at the center of my chest - so that my breasts were squished uncomfortably and unflattering in the middle. i've lost a bit of weight recently - so i'm more of a 36a  than 36b these days - but this wouldn't work for me or i imagine anyone with a broad
I bought this in my usual size small.  it is really light and airy--very pretty.  as the other reviewer noted  it is longer in front and shorter in the back.  the back hit my waistband  as it does on the model in the picture.  it hid my bra very well (always a plus).  i wouldn't describe the fabric as soft and i did get a static electricity issue  but the top stayed put.  overall  very pleased.
This dress is so light and twirly and the fabric is as airy as it is pretty. sadly the fit was a bit off. i am 5'7"  128. i tried on my usual sz 2 and found the top to be saggy at the armpits but too tight at the waist seam; going up to a 4 only made for a saggier top. most likely a great dress for lean or long-torsoed ladies  which sadly i'm not!
I tried the yellow striped dress on in the store and it is completely sheer.
The shirt is very big. it would be cute as a maternity shirt.
Love the natural fabric blend and the natural style  also the unique color of the taupe. i am a size 4 to 6  and the small fit great. if you prefer a more fitted look  could probably size down.
I wish it were easier to get in this dress. i'm 5'4 with a 36d and i couldn't get it on. it's so pretty though.
The dress arrived with two large buttons missing from the front complete with unraveling threads. the rest of the buttons are sewn on loosely  and in general  it's poor quality. ridiculous considering the price  very disappointed.
Great hopes but a sorry disappointment. at this price  one should be able to expect better pattern alignment as shown on model. the pattern in the garment i received was poorly matched on either side of the button placket. i am 5'6" and ordered xxs. garment was significantly over-sized. i would have had to order one and probably two sizes smaller to achieve a decent fit. because of the oversizing  the shape is more boxy than it appears in the catalog photo. sadly  this buttondown has to be retur
Yes! i love the color  the fabric and the fit up top. the skirt  however  is very poofy. i am going to let it hang for awhile (it was an online order) and see if some of that relaxes. otherwise  i will need to return it.
The design and quality are fantastic! i had to order a little larger because of my bust and shoulders - it's still flattering though. can be dressed up or casual. i wish it came in more colors!
I ordered it online so i wasn't sure how thick the sweater coat would be and when i received it i was pleasantly surprised at the thickness and high quality. definitely worth the price!
I love the way the neckline is open not too low ! it also falls on your hips just right.    great buy
So small! i was a solid size 12 in skirts but recently lost some weight. i was still nervous to buy a size 10 so i bought the 12 thinking i can always take it in if i have to. the 12 - which should have been big on me was tiny. this skirt is built for someone with non-existent hips. returning.
There's a free people version of this top and this by far surpasses the fit of it. i'm 5'3 and purchased the xl and it fits me exactly like the model. i would say it is tts and extremely soft.
This jacket has great style  is really comfortable  and looks good with jeans or nice pants. i usually wear a small or extra small in all clothes but thought the arms were tight in the small. the medium is a better fit.
I was thoroughly underwhelmed. it did not hang well  and the fit seemed off. the tie waist just sort of hung there. i could have sized down  but i didn't even want to bother. it was pretty boring and flimsy for $138.
This top is very light and soft for summer. even the lace is soft. it's not sheer and doesn't require layering. true to size. i'm 5'4"  34dd  150 lbs- m fits well. my arms are not tiny and yet the lace weren't tight for me. but the quality of the material is average and it feels like it will last barely one summer. it's good if you are paying the sale price.
I have a gala to go to wear i am a board member. i had been eyeing this dress online and tried it in store! lurve! i got the black one which is a black lace over a sheer cotton nude  i also got the regular when i am petite as it hit longer for a black tie event. i have a large bust at 5'2" size d  but small and short torso and the large just hugged the girls just right. i love the it can be worn fancy with block heels to a gala or wit ha jean jacket or espradilles for a casual summer night. this
I bought this sweater online as soon as i saw it. but like the other reviewers i agree it is shapeless and sticks out too much at and below the waist. if it were a softer fabric maybe the flair would work but not for this one. i am 5' 2"  115lbs  32d and got the xs. maybe if you aren't chesty it won't flare out as much. sadly i had to return it. i was so excited for it  o well.
I like this jacket  very neutral in color  classic cut and vintage like old retailer. unfortunately  i ordered xs p and not xxs p... and i found it wasn't right on me  a little loose  so not as flattering. i understand that jackets are meant to be worn over things  but i didn't love the look. some may find the material itchy  fine for me  but i am not as sensitive as others (can do small amounts of wool). i am 115 lbs  30 dd and 26.5 in waist  for reference with sizing .
I love the ethnic colors & the creative woven design of this garment. that's what attracted me in the first place. however  some of the metallic threads had snagged & i thought the loose weave & acrylic yarns would lead to more snags & it would eventually stretch out of shape. also  it's very big. too bad it doesn't come smaller. in the online picture  it must have been gathered & clipped behind the model because it really doesn't fit close like that & the long armholes are not visible online as
Really  this top feels like a wonderfully expensive soft silk knit. it is just so very soft. the drape is really nice and there is stretch to it  making it very comfortable. it does have a tendency to fall towards the body  even though it's loose. so  i'd buy your regular size.    it's a thin material  but i don't think it's sheer at all. i bought the dark red/wine color and it's so classy! i love it. this will fit taller women easily because the arms and total length are on the long side (i sup
I picked this up this weekend. so gorgeous! i usually don't do maxi length. at 5'3" it can be overwhelming. but this is so flattering! this is floor length on me. i picked up a couple tops at another store because the suggested sweaters were just too baggy for my frame. i'll pair it with a cream blouse (pictured) to dress up and a pink crepe blouse and denim jacket for a more casual look. i'm usually a 4 and the small fits perfectly.
Love the dress and went a size up as recommended by other reviewers. but it was still too small. it's just not roomy enough in the chest--total boob squash. had to return it.
I had this shirt in mauve and loved it so i ordered it in navy. i love the lightweight material. i love the way it fits. however - all the seams are sewn  quite obviously  inside out. only after i received the navy shirt  where it is extremely obvious  did i check the mauve one. those seams are also inside out but done in a much tidier fashion so that it wasn't really noticable. i was unhappy with the sloppiness of the seams on the navy shirt but  because i love the style and the fit  i kept it.
While i had high hopes for this dress to be my "go to"  unfortunately o couldn't get passed how cheap the material felt. the cut and pattern both worked on my petite frame  however  the cut out pieces in front are not lines and exposed the top portion of my bra.
Super flattering fit. i am generally a large  large  and the medium of this shirt fit really well. the drape of the fabric was very forgiving of my tummy. great look. also my 1 year old son loves the colors and flowers!
The fabric was more "southwestern" looking when i got it than it looked in the pics. it fit a bit larger around the bottom than i like.
I knew i wanted this top the moment i saw it  so onto my wishlist it went until it went on sale! it fits beautifully in my normal size and i love that it already has a coordinating tank top. i get compliments whenever i wear it- think hd in paris might be my new go-to!
I'm 5'4"  32c and 125 lbs. i ordered the size 4p and while the color and fabric is pretty  the back and front bodice were much to low to wear a bra even if i were to shorten the straps. it was also very tight across my ribs. despite ordering a petite  the hem was much too long. i ended up returning it.
I ordered a small  which is my usual retailer size  but this was like a tent on me. it's fine if you like things super super blousey but that wasn't what i was looking for. also it is very long  a very weird amount of long. also there is only eyelet on the front. the whole back of the shirt is just plain fabric. i like the idea of this shirt but all in all it was very disappointing.
This is a very pretty sweater  a bit boxy and short but cute. i am 5'1" and ordered the regular xs in black. the thing i did not like about this sweater was the gold thread through the back lace. i would have kept this if it was plain black lace. just did not like that look.
Adorable soft top for the fall! i wanted to love it because of the colors and the fact that it is so retro! it was just way too big for me. i'm always a medium but in this i probably should have sized down. i still gave it 5 stars because it is so cute--just didn't fit me! sadly i will be returning this!
I loved this at first....but the quality is awful! it pilled like crazy and started to get little holes near the neck after 4-5 wears. second sweater from retailer this year with severe pilling issues. i love retailer  but will never again buy another sweater here.
This dress really was huge  and not at all flattering. i don't know how they got it to look good on the model in the picture. material was nice and soft  but i really don't see how anyone could look good in this  no matter what your body shape is.
I really wanted to love this dress. the cut out design is beautiful and it is very feminine. however  it does not really cut in at the waist and it left me feeling a bit boxy. i think if it cinched at the waist  it would be perfect. it didn't work out for me  but i think on the right girl  it would be very cute.
My perspective is as a sewer so i'm more picky perhaps. this top is poorly made. the fabric pattern is crooked or not consistent in each piece. sewers do this to save $ - squeezing the pieces on the fabric. it looks sloppy. the cut is very full; the bottom edge measures 104" around. for my figure  curvey  at 5'6" and 150lbs  this top is not flattering it looks maternity. perhaps best on a slim figure and with leggings.
I agree with the other reviewer about the great colors  but when i took this off the rack to try one  you can see through both layers of fabric. i thought  insulting quality  for the price. i imagine the holes would start after one wearing.
This is a beautiful lined jacket  with a much more structured fit than a typical kimono. it hit me at the high hip  not low hip as shown on the model. given how structured it is  i don't think the "one size" will work for anyone larger than a small if you want a drapey kimono fit.
Why does the lining stop at mid thigh when the skirt is long? makes product look cheap while wearing. love the color  the fabric  and the fit  but cant get past this less than quality feature - will be returning.
This is a pretty dress  but it runs at least one size too large. the silk is of good quality. it would be good for somebody who is slim and tall.
I fell in love with this top online. i am obsessed with the little flounce detail on the sleeve and the slight a-line shape of the body. i was able to try it on in store and was glad i did because i ended up sizing up to a small from my usually x-small. i still put "true to size" because i think the forgiving cut allows the top to work in multiple sizes. i even tried on a medium and it still looked like it fit. the arms are a bit tight  as the other reviewer mentioned so keep in mind when choosi
I bought this top in two colors--i think it's a really cute  easy top to wear  but the fabric is extremely thin and poor quality. i tucked the front into a pair of shorts and i can already see a small snag forming  which i'm sure will be a hole in no time. two stars only because i really do like the look of the top generally  i just wish it was something that was going to last beyond a couple of wears.
I have featured two pictures below. one is size s. the other is xs petite. i'm 5 feet 120 and a 34 d. i highly recommend this dress. i definitely could have gone either way. but felt sizing down would be more flattering.
Overall  a really nice top that is soft and comfortable. the arm length hits nicely on the forearm and the decorative detail at top is well-constructed. didn't keep this since the top made me look quite big in my bust  to the point of not being flattering. top is also a bit boxy  so i'd stay away if you are petite  with a larger bust unless you are okay with that emphasis.
If you have any curves at all then this will look like a sack on you. i wanted to love it because of the material and i've been looking for a blazer/ jacket that was heavy in weight. this just looked awful on me. maybe for someone who is very slender this will work but i was highly disappointed in the cut.
The red is so pretty in-person. i love the details on the sleeves... only complaint is the fit is pretty boxy and couldn't size down because it is borderline to short in length. did buy it today and we will see if it work out!!
I ordered this shirt in both white and coral. i absolutely love the design and coral color. the white was a bit see through  so i returned it. it would be cute with a cami under  but i just wanted something that did not require an extra layer. overall  it is a flattering fit and i love the detail on the back.
So bummed. i was really hoping this top would work for me. i got the black in regular size 4 and the pink in petite size 4. both hit my breast too high and were too bulky in the mid section. i have a sort of short torso  wear a small 34c  and am have a defined waist. when tops are bulky  it gives me no shape and just looks terrible. i am having the hardest time finding pretty tops that suit my figure. they did not lie flat like on the model but had so much extra fabric they stuck out. the constr
This is my third dress-the first one was the right size  but the plaid fell on the dress in an awkward way. the second one was a size too small  but this one is perfect! i am wearing it with a belt and loving it!
Love the top. love the color. love the back detail. as a larger chested woman  the shape was lost a bit. but i just couldn't resist.
I just purchased this adorable tank on-line and already received it in my regular size small (34d-27-35) and it fits me tts. the material is actually made with 100% rayon  not polyester as it describes above which makes it even better. the embroidery very beautiful in person as well and the arm openings are just right  not too large for a nice change. if you need a cute tank in black with a little something special  this is the top for you!
The kimono is as pictured. the colors are true to what is shown on line  though the description indicates "green multi"--it is not green. i returned the item  however. the quality is fine  but it seemed extremely over-priced to me. it seems to me that half the price would be fair for the quality.
The perfect fit and style of any jean ever. i order one size up in petites. i love these jeans and want them in every color/wash. they have wonderful stretch that does not sag. i wear them with cuffs folded up in hot weather but can also wear them down thanks to petite styling. love  love.
I purchased this dress in my regular size small as soon as i saw it pop up on-line and found it to be tts (34d-27-35)  it hits just to my knee (i'm 5'4") and it actually reminds me of the way maeve's devery dress looks and fits which is really  really nice. i'm finding this dress by floreat to also be quite slimming and the embroidery and colors set against the black is just absolutely gorgeous! the material is super soft  the v-neck isn't too low and i love the pockets so i'm very happy with my
Not sure why it has gotten good ratings and or why sold out online periodically. awkward fit and flares quit a bit at waist. also has extra material at waist line so does not look flattering.
I fell in love with the shirt when i saw it online; but  i was incredibly disappointed with it when it was delivered.  on the positive side  the macrame is stunning.  once again  there was way too much fabric which makes me look pregnant.  most importantly  the color is not peach!  it's almost a burnt indian red or brick red/orange.  it was a disgusting color.
Love the design of the fabric. i actually bought these in both colors. i gave only 1 star due stitching on the fabric  it's very scratchy.
I love the design  that's why i'm going back for a smaller size. i bought a medium and that size was made for someone 50 lbs heavier than i. usually i'm good at choosing my size online  but not today. if you are curvy and round like me still go for a smaller size because this dress has a lot if room. also i wish more clothes would come into the stores to try on  please!
Dress is pretty  i was disappointed by the slip which is too small like previous customer. i am an inch taller than the model and i feel more comfortable it being a tunic with leggings. nice but not nice enough to keep  i am returning. :(
This top is gorgeous in person  but when i tried it on  i fell out of love. it didn't happen immediately  but the more i wore it around the fitting room area  the less i appreciated its beauty. i tried it on in an xs - i typically wear a s or xs in most retailer tops - 5'8"  140 lbs for reference. this top is just huge in the body! the fit is very boxy and just not flattering. yes  it could be cute with skinny jeans and perfect for preggo's! this was just a miss for me.
Pilcros always fit perfectly and these jeans are no different. the style is great and a little different with the slits on the side. i bought the gold color which is a little brighter than pictured. for that reason  i'm on the fence about keeping them. i wish there were other bold colors to choose from since most of the other choices seem washed out.
Sheer and lightweight. perfect for summer. great detail could not justify paying full price.
I loved the design of this suit when i saw it online.   the material is definitely high quality and the bottoms i knew would stay put  if they had fit me in the first place. i ordered a size medium in both top and bottom. the bottoms were much much too small and the top was just ever so slightly too large. i should've known something was up with sizing because all of the larges were sold out already. i think i could've used a large bottom and a size small top.
I adore a good vest  so when i saw this one at my retailer i had to try it on immediately. i don't wear cream often  but the design and weight of this vest is dreamy. i tried it on at the store and i was on the fence. so i bought it  took it home and tried it on with everything. i am a curvy girl  and i wasn't thrilled with how this fit. now its part of the retailer athleisure line  and i could definitely see this being worn post workout with cute workout gear. girls who are tall and thin  or even w
I really like this skirt - so colorful! the interesting pattern and multiple colors will make this a great fall skirt. i can wear it with pink  burgundy  gray  white  black  and probably many more. can't wait for the temps to drop!
This dress is perfection it is extremely comfortable and versatile. great for dressing up or down. i am large busted (36g) so was delighted that it stretches as this is a problem for me finding clothing to fit allover. i am petite 5"1 with a curvy figure and a regular medium fit great!
I read all the reviews about the fabric being see through  but liked the dress enough to give it a shot. it is soooo see through. this trally could only be worn on a beach. very disappointed.
I ordered an xxs online and it's still massive. the only thing i can use it for is a beach coverup. the embroidery is pretty but i will be returning.
Love the dress. i usually wear a small and will be exchanging it for an x-small.
Almost the perfect skirt! great colors super cute fit very flattering great length very versatile. only issue was size; normally a solid 10  i ended up a full 2 sizes smaller. very stretchy and comfortable just try it on first or order a couple of sizes. go down at least 1 size. as others have said...pilcro strikes again its such a great brand with the most flattering shapes and fabrics.
Love! love! love! this top! i saw this online and immediately knew tha tthis had to be in my wardrobe. i wear a lot of navy....(in my estimating the classiest color there is...black is passe'). it is simple  very wearable with pants  with skirts. the very thin stripe adds interest  without really being a pattern that conflicts with other patterns. i did have an issue with some threads that were randomly hanging from sleeve cuff...but nothing important. yes  it is cropped...very much so!!! so  if
This top is beautiful in both colors  it was a difficult decision at the store. i went with the black  and my usual size s fit well with a little room  but in no way overly baggy. i tried on the xs which also fit but was a little constricting. the quality is excellent and i highly recommend this top. 1 question i have however  is that the online description says machine wash  however my tag states dry clean only. just curious if anyone has hand washed this yet? otherwise  it is a beautiful  comf
In my retailer this was hung over in the pj section  and it really has more of a jammie top feel... soft  thin and stretchy. it's super cozy and comfortable and it drapes really nice. mine seems to have stretched out a little  especially the neckline (and the little buttons have a hard time staying closed). i'm happy with it though for what it is - a great  casual day t.
I got this top in a petite xs and it fit just as expected (i'm 5'2"  112lbs). the material wears like a tee  so it's comfortable  but the front details give it a special look. this is going to be on my go-to list all summer.
This dress is exactly what i hoped it would be! super sexy and great material.
I love(d) this top. it was my go to top even in the heat  the fabric is light and breathes. however  pulled it out of the washing mashing to find that the sleeve has shredded away from the body. it could not be repaired. i am so disappointed as i really loved everything about it.
I fell in love with this dress but when i received it in the mail  i was really surprised to see that unlike the picture online  the slip underneath is a nude color. it fit well and i decided to keep it. i wore it for the first time today and felt great in it. i was driving with my son in the back seat  i turned to hand him something and the entire right side of the dress (where the crocheting is) ripped open!! i cannot believe how poor the quality is at this price!
This is a great everyday top for pairing with jeans or a nice skirt. love the wine/maroon color. super comfy. i took other reviewers' advice and ordered a size up and it was a little too big.
I ordered a large and it was skin tight  if that's the look you're going for..
Sadly  this has to go back. i am 5'5"  128 lbs and this shirt is super short on me. very short. and it's so wide it's almost a trapeze cut. the overall effect is 50s/60s style maternity shirt. which is disappointing because the fabric is beautiful  the detail is nice in person  even the sleeve cuffs are great. i am not very tall and i'm fairly thin on top so i can get away with a lot of styles  loose and tight. the combo of short and trapeze is just unflattering.
Beautiful and very feminine look but run big. i m 5ft 105 lbs curvy   size 00 fit me well
And flattering! i love the feel of the dress  it is flowy  loose but still flattering. i can't wait to wear it with boots. i could go with flats for summer  too  if i wanted to. i have had this dress in my wish list  then i deleted it  but it was in the store as a return in xxs p so i thought  why not! i shouldn't have really  coz now i have to get it... and i did.    colors are actually great  i don't know why people have issues "matching" - black or navy are equally neutral in my books...    f
I new i had to have this dress the moment i saw it. i am a recent convert to byron lars and have three dress of his design. they are all 6 or 6p so i felt confident ordering a 6. whoops! this dress fit perfectly up to the waist. it was even a little roomy but i couldn't button it up any further than that. it is a little weird since i always thought i had a narrow ribcage. anyway  i will have to exchange it for an 8p. and hope for the best. it really is an exquisitely beautiful dress and unbeliev
I bought the dress in mango. i love the color. it is very vibrant. the fit is great and i imagine getting a lot of use out of this dress during the summer months. my only complaint is that i expected the fabric to be a little bit heavier. i find it to be kind of thin.
The dress is just perfect. it's fits true to size and the colors are as pictured. also  a bonus  it travels well - despite having so many pleats it folds nicely and can be worn right out of the bag. very happy i got it while on sale.
Eva franco has done it again by creating another fabulously flattering  unique  and compliment grabbing skirt. it runs true to size and is very easy to move in and wear. this is my 10th skirt of hers and i love them all.
Beautiful top  loved the color but shoulders were totally messed up and not sure if it was from  hanging at store or the way it was sewn.
You have to be a contortionist to get this bra on. it slips over your head and i needed my 8yo daughter to help me pull it down past my elbows. ridiculously impractical. why oh why didn't heather give it a hook and loop closure instead?
Beautiful skort! true to size and very comfortable. the actual shorts part of the skort is a nice  modest length. they have the appearance of a skirt with the utility and feel of a nice pair of shorts. i can't wait to wear it again! i am very pleased with my purchase.
Really wanted to love this top...it is beautiful with very good quality but...ran small and tight...also the bottom sides flare out as if it was stitched with too much material looking awkward...
I sized down one size and it's still too big with the double v-neck style. this is going back.
This top is super cute and colorful. admittedly  i have not used it just as a pajama top because i think the world deserves to see this piece of art. super comfy and i recommend this for everyone in most shapes and sizes!
This skirt is the perfect flirty denim piece for the summer.   it's light weight but good quality.   the only draw back is the waist is quite fitted when zipped.   had to size up.    it's like a pencil skirt on top  which does make it tough to tuck anything in unless it's very thin.   overall  charming skirt.   do love.
Just got this dress in the orange print and i can't begin to say how much i love it!! looks even better in person than online and it's super flattering. love the neckline  armholes are perfect and show off toned arms and shoulders ( this is the kind of dress that makes time spent at the gym worthwhile!). the fabric is light and stretchy and the pockets are an extra bonus.  i would say fit is tts but keep in mind that it's very loose at the bottom so i would go down in size if you want a less loo
It is definitely pinned back on the model in the photograph. it made my 5 foot frame look short and wide.
The color is completely off! i loved the way this vest looks in the picture! i was excited to have that vest but unfortunately what i received in the mail was a huge disappointment. it came wrinkled and the brown is not as rich as it is in the picture. very pale. horrible.
This sweater is so cute and seems high quality. i would love to keep it but it is way too cropped for my taste  going down just below my mid section. i wish it had been cut longer- i would have kept it.
Bought both colors - nice quality top  but they do run large. for reference  i'm 5'4"  115lbs and xs is still kind of big on me. wish they have xxs.
Love this sweater. it fits true to size. fun and different. purchased 30% off but i don't think the price it terrible depending on your clothing budget.
I really wanted this jumpsuit to be my holiday staple! i ordered this jumpsuit in a sz 4 (my typical size) - the jumpsuit doesn't have a waist  i suppose the ribbon created the illusion of a waist. most jumpsuits are super slimming because of having a waistband and this does not besides the bow. also what i found strange is the back zipper goes all the way down passed your bottom - it's the longest zipper i've ever seen. it's very body hugging so it shows your curves if you have any. i will sadl
Living in a warm climate  i'm always on the hunt for great spring/summer dresses that can be worn to work  dinner  or just general out and about.  this dress is a great length with the varied hemline that gives you enough length for work or dinner. it's also great for a summer cocktail party or afternoon out shopping. i'm a traditional hourglass figure  larger on top and bottom with a small waist  dress size 6 or 8 depending on the top. i roared this in a medium and it's perfectly comfy and hang
I had mixed feelings about this dress. the material is lovely but the skirt is really odd. it has two slips  one that fits close and a second that's a bit too puffy. so the skirt didn't sit well and i thought it made my hips look bigger. the odd length made it unflattering. it might be nicer without the puffy slip but i didn't want to risk it.
I loved the way this top looked in stock photos. the colors are bright and cheery and it's a great transition piece. but the way the sleeves are cut almost makes them feel like water wings (if that makes sense)? they are stiff and wide and awkward. i've worn this a few times  hoping maybe the sleeves would relax down. they haven't. maybe it will look okay under a blazer for the office or something.
The color and quality of these jeans is great. they were too large in my normal size. more of a boyfriend fit so size down.
I received many compliments on this top. it's very cute and versatile. a pair of jeans or a skirt or capris all can work well with this.
This tank fit well and i loved the ruffle in the back and how it layed. but the front was not a good look and i will be retuning it.
This is a really great dress - especially for the holiday season - you can do work and post work events with it easily. i ordered a large but it fit me more like a medium. it is very comfortable and the quality feels great. boots give it the day look and a nice set of beige high heels gave it a great evening look.
Cute pants  not for me. a petite size may have changed my mind. more like ankle pants on my 5'2" frame and a bit large all over. that said  the fabric is stretchy and they would be super comfortable. love the snaps on the waistband  classy casual.
I bought the xs regular and it was a little too long and wide. i was unable to find a petite version in the store or online. the ruffles were also bigger than how they appear on the model. i am 5'1" tall and weigh 110 lbs. i believe the petite would have been a much better fit. i regret not discovering this top sooner when more size options were available.
These were very nice  but had to return. i have a hard time with jeans as i am big and curvy in hips and butt. these were tight in those places and big in the waist 
The quality of the fabric and the design are perfect. i love the cut out and how flattering on my shorter figure. i am somewhere between a 6 and 8 and the 6 fit perfectly. it can also be strapless which is a sexier version.
I want to say that i love this fabric design  combining some of my favorite colors -- greens and neutrals. however  this just didn't work for me:  _______  pros:  - it does have a nice flow as others stated.  - pockets are a surprise touch for a silk dress.  - the slip inside is detachable.  _______  cons:  - as another stated  lots of wrinkles. it's the nature of silk unfortunately  which means more work for me.   - length is too short in front for my personal liking. trend of these high-low he
I've been looking for a black sweater just like this with this comfortable material  weave
This reminds me a bit of a vintage tennis sweater: wide-rib  v-neck; loose-fitting. nice creamy cotton blend. size was a bit hard to gauge. this sweater is long (lower hip length) and has dolman sleeves  so it has a quite roomy fit. however  i ordered the xs/s (my normal size)  and it is scaled proportionately  so the fit is true.
I couldn't wait to try this on this sweater.  sadly  it was too large in all ways.  the sleeves are adorable  but the ruffle overwhelmed my arms. this was much longer on me than the model.  it stopped mid-thigh.  the quality seemed fine  but it is a thin sweater.
These are very well constructed  medium weight  besutiful leggings.
The fabric of this dress feels like suede  i couldn't stop touching it. here comes the "but": the dress is cut straight down  no definition. the rosette lace is sewn on  like an afterthought just to make the dress not to look plain or cheap. i tried it on with a belt and by itself  and i still feel like it's just a plain dress that i can get at a discount store. i'm a big fan of tracey reese and own a lot of her dresses  and i feel that this is the most plain dress she ever designed. size s regu
I first saw these in store  but decided to risk waiting for them to go on sale and no regrets! they are a great high quality and the print is exactly what i hoped it to be!
I really love this dress but i am still struggling with keeping it or not. i have an hour glass figure with a somewhat fullish behind :). it is tight around that area which i think it is meant to be but i am not sure how comfortable i am with that. i wasn't sure about the belt but it really works. i am 5"3 and weigh 118. i did have to size up from 2p to 4 p for it not to feel too tight in all areas.
I wanted to like this romper  it is very cute and colorful  but to top was overywhelming for my size and made me look even shorter.
I saw this in the store and was glad i didn't order it earlier online. i thought it would be beautifully stitched but it was rather flat and unimpressive in person. i like more unusual and flattering pieces  and this just wasn't it. no compliments here.
I ordered the geranium and teal. geranium is an awkward pink  but i loved the teal. beautiful color. ordered large  hoping for some length. they're very lightweight and almost too short. if you hold this up its just a big rectangle  but it flows nicely over the body and has the appearance of being longer on the sides. unfortunately you can see all of my bra and to my stomach when my arms are even slightly raised. i decided to return both.
It sits a little short but works great for a jacket when you don't want to have a big winter coat when going out.
This is a lovely pencil skirt that is well-made and really brightens a work day. like a lot skirts with multiple colors  a lot of tops feel like they should match but you have to try a few that really work with the skirt and your look to get the right impact.
Don't get me wrong  this is probably cute on someone else  but not me. i looked in the mirror and just laughed  it was that bad. so if you're considering getting this  size down. ordered mine in large and it looks like i'm wearing a barrel. the pink is pretty but the horizontal striping did nothing for my shape. the fabric is soft. i'm just over trying peplums.
Loved the idea of this but content felt too thin and sheer.
Comfortable and warm. i will wear this a lot this winter.
I adore this maxi! the fit  style  pattern (black motif)  machine washability  everything! fits tts (got my usual size s for 5'7"  125lbs). i would say that the length is appropriate - some are super long on me  and i'm not one to wear heels. i was also happy that the top fits nice and snug - my issue is usually that when i bend forward the top drapes open due to my small chest - no problem with this dress! i think it's perfect piece for spring/summer/fall and dressing up or down. my one slight
I was looking for a casual dress for quick errands that was trendy but comfy.  this dress had a lot of potential [i was drawn to the print]  but the material is awful. so thin and scratchy! immediately went back.
This is a great dress if you don't want to leave the house or you want the world to see your nipples.
I bought this dress during the retailer weekend and i'm so happy i did!  this is a very well-made  well-designed dress that is quite figure flattering.  the marriage of artsy and colorful on a neutral background makes sense and the combination of colors and the style of the dress work well together.  the wearer will definitely have several options for footwear pairings.  this dress is as fun and playful as it is classy.  i can't wait for an occasion to wear this dress!
I agree with the other reviews! perfect color and weight to the dress. should wear well in summer and fall. i'm 5'5'' 34c 140lbs athletic and got the 6 regular. fit well and the length was perfect with flats.
This coat is beautiful in color and design. we could have been great friends but it was waaay too big so i had to return it. i bought the smallest size possible yet i could have been 9 months pregnant and still would have had room to spare. i also was disappointed that the sleeves were not lined like other coats in this price range.
Pictures do not do justice to this beautiful piece of art. the embroidery and jewel detail is exquisite. just don't plan on holding any kids or pets  you won't want to snag it or them.
Love this top!! perfect date night top! you can dress it up with a cute pair of heels or wear it around doing errands in some flats.
I was looking forward to receiving this dress. i am tired of all of the swing dresses - most of which are not flattering on my petite frame. i am also uncomfortable with dresses that fall much above the knee as i am somewhat older. the colors and fabric of this dress are beautiful. vibrant  but not too bright. when i got it on i was thrilled with the fit - until i looked at the back. there are pleats at the waist in back and there is way too much fabric. it looked like i had a bustle under the d
These are beautiful pants  especially when you walk  they are simply beautiful and flow nicely. however  they are soooo very long (i am 5 5 1/2) and even with a big wedge's i would have to get these altered. the waist seemed very small  i am a sz 12 (10 in some stores) and i got the large and it was way too tight in the waist and have no stretch or give at all. . probably a sz 10 at most. so unfortunetly they have to go back.
Soft and sweet
This vest is not only stylish and beautiful  it also has pretty specks of blue and rust and other colors. will go with so much. i love the collar  not too big  not too small  just right. frames the face nicely. can wear with dresses  can wear with skirts  can wear with jeans  can wear with cords  the list is endless. this will make any outfit look pulled together. the accompanying belt or sash hits at hip level  i personally like it more at waist level so i remove the belt and wear without it. f
I love this top!! fits perfectly  and not too long. i'm 5'4"  112 lbs and a 32dd and the small fits like a gem.not too fitted  but not boxy. i like that it covers my waist  but isn't too long  either. i may order another one i love it so much!
It's the inverted invert ... not so obvious at first but then it shrunk and was harder to ingnore.
This is a gorgeous jacket! love the softness and the style is unique and fresh. the color is going to keep me cheered through the winter. this will look great with a scarf and leggings.
I was so impressed with the style & boning on the sides for the perfect fit! it's truly a classic staple in your closet for that lbd!!
I purchased this tee last week in white and love it! as soon as i saw that it was on sale i ran to get a price adjustment and to pick up a few more colors! i had every intention to grab up the blue today however i tried on four larges and all were cut way shorter than the other colors. i ended up purchasing the red which fits exactly as my white one does. perfect light weight  easy  but adorable tee for summer!
This dress caught my eye online and i had to have it. when it arrived it was still just as pretty as i remembered. beautiful  vibrant colors and a unique oversized floral on a flirty  swishy fabric. unfortunately the cut was really strange. after reading several reviews i went with an xs  but i'm not sure a s would have solved all the fit problems i was having. while everything from the waist down fit perfectly  the arms were cut too tight  the chest was huge and yet i struggled to zip it up. an
This dress is a new favorite! the cut is great for most figures and the fabric has a nice drape around the curves of the body so it sort of has a slimming effect - which i love! i'm petite and curvy and so the hem lands closer to top of my knees than it does on the model in the image. the color in person is slightly more purple and less brown/maroon  but it still works for a fall/winter wardrobe. if you are uneasy about the colors  i recommend looking at it in store before purchasing. i love thi
I love this jacket. let's be clear though...it's not for warmth just for style but it's perfect for fall in california. i love the detailed work and have already tried this with so many different layers  a light blue tank  off white shirt  tshirt and it looks great with lots of things and truly makes the outfit. love unique pieces like this and i will be wearing it often. i bought my usual size small. sleeves are a bit long for my 5'4 frame but they didn't have in petite and it looks great.
This t-shirt is uniquely designed and it fit well. unfortunately within an hour it shed all over. i had white fuz all over my arms and pants. i was very disappointed.
The design and quality were great. i really wanted them to fit but they ran large. i'm 5'4 and 120 lbs and orderd the small. unfortunately the fit seemed off as well and i won't be trying a size down. the waist and hips were huge but the thigh area was fitted enough that a smaller size would have been awkward. sadly these went back.
This dress is so cute but it's going back. the zipper is horrible and all of the other reviews are true - you'll need to size up.
I loved the design and look to this shirt  but it ran way big for me. i loved the forgiving fit  but it just wasn't flattering at all. i even went down one size and it still was huge. sad to send this one back.
Much to my surprise when i tried on this sweater i found that it was cut in a bell shape and not at all fitted or straight like in the photo. when i pulled it out of the package i thought i'd ordered the wrong size because the shoulders looked so narrow. but when i tried it on the shoulders fit perfectly  with beautiful detail and high quality material  but the sweater belling out to a very wide shape. it is very wide at the hip and looks out of proportion. it doesn't look anything like the phot
I fell in love with this dress online. i listened to the reviews and ordered a size up. i got it in the mail and couldn't wait to try it on! i was sad that to find  that while it was tight across the chest and the keyhole in the back seemed to pull  it was really large in the body. in addition  while the lace is beautiful it is very fragile. i still think this is a great dress but definitely for someone who is small chested. for reference i am a 32dd and size 2-4 and i ordered a medium.
This coat is so gorgeous  it's true to size  fits perfectly  warm and flattering.
This dress was so lovely in person  but when i put it on...ooh la la! it is short! i am 5' 3" and i would not walk outside in this dress without something underneath. it just needed one more tier and i would have kept it for sure. too bad!
Read other reviews  was worried about neckline being tight-- went with size of last dress i bought from retailer ---s---  perfect!! can't wait to wear this dress! got it in the black white polka dot-- plan to layer with capri legging!
I bought this for my mom's birthday and she loves it. fits true to size and flattering for all busts. mom went up a size to be able to put a sweater underneath but she received lots of compliments at a recent function she wore this to. great lines.
The double seams down the front of this elongate; the material is light and would work spring through summer  kind shape. even though the dress hits below the knee  the buttons end mid thigh and make it cute rather than matronly. here's the but:  the rib cage area is very fitted. i'm a 6-8  in pretty good shape  and that is not a "problem area" for me. however  in this dress  it was. there was no way for my figure to pull it off. from behind  in both 6 and 8  every bundle of skin seemed ample. i
If this product was in petite  i would get the petite. the regular is a little long on me but a tailor can do a simple fix on that.     fits nicely! i'm 5'4  130lb and pregnant so i bough t medium to grow into.     the tie can be front or back so provides for some nice flexibility on form fitting.
I thought this suit would be the perfect solution of stylish but forgiving of my new mom bod. this one didn't work for me. i ordered the medium. the top is very small--i would recommend only for b cup or smaller. the full coverage bottoms did nothing for my shape. it seemed to make me seem rounder and shorter. sending this one back! i did find success same size in a faux wrap style retailer suit.
I've been looking for a more polished edgy alternative to my jean jacket and this is perfect! it's super soft and comfortable. will look awesome over a dress or with jeans. love it!
This shirt is way too flowy and the pink color is extremely washed out- will definitely be returning!
I wore this dress for my small winter wedding and it was perfect! i thought it ran a little large though because i had to return it 2 times to get the right size! once i got the right size it fit perfectly. i loved the champagne color and shine.
Love the color and style  but material snags easily
I ordered a regular size small. would have got petite small if available. still very happy!
This.  an unexpected purchase...i found this on my way to the dressing room.  the fit is stunning. i sized way down (i.e. normally wear 10/12  curvy  and bought a small).  it accentuates my curves  and is incredibly flattering. i bought the navy  and will be adding another color soon!  the material is viscose blend - soft and flowy. it's a nice addition to my work wardrobe.
This is a beautiful dress except i expected it to be more flowy. the fabric is much more stuff than i thought it would be.
I tried this jumpsuit on in the store and loved it but decided to wait on purchasing it. after it went on sale i jumped on it because i new i would regret not buying it.     i am tall but most of my height is from my long legs  not in my torso. i seldom find jumpsuits that fit my frame but his one fits perfectly. the fabric is very "flowey" and does not wrinkle. the overall design of this jumpsuit is slightly but not overly baggy. the pattern and pleating make it a perfect item for spring and su
I love this sweater! i tried it on at the store and had to purchase! it's even cuter on! i am normally between a small and a medium but decided on the small as it has a loose look. perfect weight for summer!
I wore this blazer for one day  didn't do anything strenuous  and the fabric started to disintegrate along the back  next to the center seam. it's completely unfixable  since it's not the seam that split but the fabric itself. what a waste of money.    as to the fit  it is a boxy cut through the waist. it looks better unbuttoned than buttoned. the jacket also shows a lot of the shirt you have under it  so it's good over something cute.    or  it would be  if it didn't fall apart.
This skirt material and quality is top notch. i'm not a "mustard yellow" fan but the color combo in this is just stunning! i'm 5'4"  125#  27/4 usually and picked a 4 in this which would have been correct. the top bad is very thick so it was just too much at my waist. in the modeling pick she is covering about half the band with her tied tank top. this would look beautiful on anyone approx 5'6" or over i think! oh  and the drape is beautiful  not super full.
My title perfectly describes my attitude toward this sweater. the print is super cute and the price point is great  but this sweater was so itchy that i couldn't even keep it on for longer than a minute. it may be okay with a long sleeve underneath  but don't even think about wearing it by itself!
I bought this in an extra small at a store in the lilac color and loved it so much i ordered a white one online 2 days later. they were out of extra sm so i ordered a small which is still ok as it looks cute being on the big flowy side with my jeans. i normally wear a medium in tops. i've received many compliments on these... they are very figure flattering and it's nice they are a little sexy for a loose top because of the open shoulders. i hope they come out with more colors for summer because
I originally got these in a 29 petite and thought they fit great right out of the bag (i'm usually a 6/8).. and within an hour of wearing them (to retailer  actually)  the knees had gotten so baggy that they looked absolutely ridiculous; i've never had jeans do this. the salesperson at retailer agreed that they seemed very odd. i exchanged for a 28p at her suggestion  and i just hate them. i'd say the smaller size seems every so slightly small  but nothing major - but the waist actually folds over a
I saw this online and immediately purchased the top in gray. it's so easy and casual but the shoulder detailing give it something different and unique for a regular gray shirt. the fit is loose and comfortable but not overly big  just right. i can't wait to pair it with my new white jeans for summer!
I bought the green motif and the colors are beautiful and look just like the picture. as others have mentioned  it does have a high slit on the side that has a tendency to separate and look bulky. i just put a couple of small hooks to keep it together. i normally would wear a medium or large  but based on other reviews  i ordered down to the small and it was perfect. since i live in the south where it can stay quite warm through fall  it will be a great transitional piece.
Ugh  i was so disappointed with this shirt. i was so excited when i saw it online and thought it would be a perfect summer shirt with the light colors and the flower print. unfortunately it falls flat and i understand now why they don't have a straight on photo of the shirt  its very plain and lays very unflatteringly. it's definitely missing something in the front. i typically wear a small to an extra small and i ordered this in an extra small and would have needed an xxs if i hadn't returned i
Love these pants. they are comfortable and flattering. i generally go for neutral colors but the blue is a beautiful shade that's easy to wear.
This gorgeous dress is what retailer is all about. natural fibers like silk and rayon and cotton  unusual beautiful prints and colors  not your average day to day find. i bought this in my usual size l  and while i could use a bit more room in the top  it works either unbuttoned one button  which shows the beautiful turquoise slip that comes with it  or  i am going to stitch it down the front so the buttons won't open and the top won't gap at the bust. i am 5'5" and the dress is a perfect l
This top runs a tad big. it's beautiful in person and sooooo soft. definitely an retailer staple top. material and cut is great
This is a beautifully made dress and i couldn't wait to put it on. i was disappointed. i am 5'5" and a size 4- 6. i ordered the 6 and it was too 'long and heavy' looking on me. but the waist and upper body fit tightly. the zipper up the back was very heavy looking and the cut away shoulders didn't work for my body type  making me look bulky on top. the torso is really built for someone with small breasts - i am average and the way the darts are  made my breasts look flatter and lower than they a
I was a little  hesitant to order it.  i am glad i did  it is a great top.
Cute dress to throw on and go. fits pretty true to size except for the slip underneath. it's a little tight and i felt to short for the dress. i ended up wearing a full slip i had under it and that work great!
Tried in store today and found to fit tts. images are accurate in terms of color and showing that there is a tiny bit of sheerness to this (as you can see near the bottom in each photo). i really loved everything about it except that it flared out a bit on the bottom in a way that i'd probably fuss with too much. id probably buy it on sale  but not before that.
Oh boy...i didn't get this one  and it runs small. too bad.
This is a lovely little nightie. i am a size 8 and i bought the medium and it fits perfect. it's soft and lightweight and not as see thru as i thought it would be. very light and airy and the sale price was great!!!
Looks cute on! not super form fitting... more of a flow fit. love the detailed stitching! so cute! floral pattern is fun not too busy! i loved the pockets... there is a bit of extra material but if you expect a flowy fit it's still totally lovely! i was worried about tightness in the arms but not a problem at all!!! i love this dress! lining makes it feel really well made!
I don't mind loose-fitting clothing  but to say that this product runs large is an understatement. no amount of pulling  tying  pinching could help me get this jacket to fall the way it does on the model in the photo. the arm holes are a foot in diameter for artistic purposes  and the jacket itself is meant to flow far away from the body  i guess. if you try to taper it in with the strings  then end result resembles a rounded beach ball. very disappointed  especially since the design on the fabr
I tied this on a whim  thinking it was a big 80s on the hanger  but it is so cute and hip  i fell instantly in love. the material is amazingly soft and generally doesn't wrinkle. i wore it for my thesis presentation and it went flawlessly! it has a very light light-grey window pane print on it that looks great with grey pixie pants  white pants  and the blue is light enough you could even pair it with black bottoms and jeans. a total catch  and the fun layover in the back is just an added pop of
I am curvy and this top  while stylish and i love the pockets  just didn't do it for me. it made my shoulders look wider than they are  which is a big no no. it would probably look better on someone with smaller shoulders or slimmer. the wool was also a tad itchy - not too itchy  just a bit. in general i don't wear wool without cashmere  i also don't wear non-italian wool because it is a bit rough and my skin reacts to it. so i stick to wool cashmere blend or loro piana soft wool. this sweater s
After eyeing this product online for awhile  i was able to try it on in store. i'm so glad i did  because while this dress is lovely  it is clearly not designed for my body type. i have a small rib cage and a large bust (32h ) which is i think what caused the keyhole to be so gaping on me. additionally  the straps of the dress were up by my neckline instead of lying properly on my shoulders  which was unflattering and left my bra straps clearly visible. the fabric was gorgeous and soft  and the
This dress is wonderful. fits perfect. very comfortable. wonderful colors.
I have never purchased printed pants before  but i was so smitten with the cute little shells that i had to try them on. i was impressed with the fabric  which has some thickness to it but will still be perfect for summer. i also have athletic calves and unlike other cartonnier pants i've tried  i had no trouble getting these over my legs! win win! i'm usually a size 8 and while it was fitted (not loose like on the model) i know they will stretch. being 5'4'' i'm just on the boarder of having mo
I couldn't believe how fast this dress sold out when they were having the fall promotion; they had just put it on the website and it sold out in my size in a matter of hours!  i just received the dress today and really like the practicality of it.  you can easily dress it up or down and it still looks sheek either way.  what i didn't like about the dress was that the material is a little flimsy compared to how it looks in the picture.  i am on the fence regarding if i will keep it.
Not sure who this is for but its not for me. skirt was long  stiff and puffy on my hips. i could not get it to lie correctly. maybe you have to be 6' to pull this off...
I really wanted to like his dress  but it was a big miss. big big miss. look at the way the skirt is attached to the dress in the photo. it goes up high on the sides leaving a short bodice. the sequined patterns hit right at my breasts  so it looked like glittery bra cups on the front. the back glittery pattern looked like bird wings on my back. it was far shorter than i expected. overall  it looked like i was desperately trying to be a sexy angel or fairy. bad bad bad.
This is just okay for me. the top is soft and surprisingly flattering  especially from the side  but the front rides up and the neckline never lays flat. it washes well and the tan/white combo is cute  but a little transparent.
These jeans were not for me. they are very straight...hence the name 'parallel'. i'm have more of a straight athletic build so for me it was too much straight and didn't flatter my shape at all.    however  very nice jean once again from pilcro.
This shirt is adorable.  but...it didn't work for me!  i'm a smaller gal with a large chest (5'4"  34g). i tried on the small  since it seemed so flowy and large. the sleeves were tight  yet the back of the shirt flowed way too much  making the shirt look huge on me. perhaps a more fitted back  and i would have been in love.  love the blue color!
If you are going for a ridiculously high priced ugly sweater contest  this is the one for you. i normally like clothing with some character and juxtaposition  but this one did not do it for me. i cannot imagine the collar fitting right or flattering anyone  and the mixed layers end up making it look cheap rather than trendy.
This is a beautiful  flattering dress  however i can't decide whether to keep it or not! as a few other reviewers has mentioned  the transition between the "top" and the "skirt" is a bit off - it's like there is some extra fabric there  and the weight of the skirt pulls it down  making it a little awkward/bunchy. i thought it may have been showing up because i am larger chested (36d)  but you can kind of see this on the teal dress image  under the chest where there is an extra fold. i ordered th
I am a true size xl. in my 20s i wore a small and then medium  so i know whereof i am speaking here. i tried this dress on in my local retailer store. this designer  as a handful of retailer designers seem to do  simply enlarges the fabric measurement outward as they add another size. the problem is... a funny thing happens to women's breasts as they gain weight. is this so difficult to understand? as a size small i was an a cup  as a medium i was a b cup. now  years later  as a size 16 i am a d cup
Originally ordered a large but it was huge. the medium fit perfectly. i'm 165lbs  5'7". lovely material and interesting side details. the sides do come up quite high but a camo or tank underneath does the trick. lots of compliments!!
This top is so pretty. i would say it's probably  about 1 size smaller than normal  but i like the cropped fit.
I wanted to love this warm dress because the colors and the material are beautiful. unfortunately  i couldn't make the fit work. for reference  i am 5'3  110 pounds and usually wear an xs in retailer clothing. like other reviewers  i found the xs to be a bit tight around the arms  and i don't have particularly large arms  so i ordered the sp  hoping it would be roomier and shorter (the regular length came down to mid-knee). unfortunately  the sp was enormous; it was in no way a petite. it was as l
I read the previous reviews and ordered down a size knowing that the shirt runs big.   i really wanted to love the shirt however it was a tent. with all of the extra material in the back  it billowed out in all the wrong places. the material is comfy and it's a very cute concept  just didn't work for me.
Besides being my favorite color to wear  this dress oozes vintage glamour while not looking like a costume. the fabric is super silky and will need a professional steaming to get out any wrinkles. the fit is not what i'm used to  because it fits in a 1940s type of way  and when i took it to my tailor  she ensured me that it is the perfect fit. the bodice is a bit looser than contemporary pieces  but is perfect for a night out.
I purchased the orange tiger print and absolutely love it! the colors and pattern are rich and vibrant and can easily be dressed up to be worn for work or a night out!
I wanted to love this dress. i've been looking for a cute  flattering red dress for ages and snapped this up on sale online  thinking it was finally the one. when i tried it on i found the shape flattering  even to my recently pregnant figure. other than that  i was highly disappointed for two reasons. one  quality issues  as mentioned by a previous reviewer - the slip is sewn in totally unevenly  resulting in it sticking up above the neckline on one side  with several threads poking up above th
This top runs large. i am going to return the medium i ordered for a small.   i wish it came in different colors. i love the style.
I just purchased this adorable  unique looking sweater at my local retailer store and absolutely love it. as soon as i saw it  i knew i had to have it! it is super soft  tts so i purchased it in my regular size small and it has the cutest pockets ever. the little black buttons also add to the look but the black snails on the pockets are what's really so sweet on this one. though i'm not a fan of snails in my garden  i'll make an exception for a couple of them making a guest appearance on this swea
I took a chance on this in green  extra small (one size smaller than my normal size) because that was all that was left and i thought i could wear it under another sweater. no  it's too awesome to waste as a liner. it's the most amazing cut and fabric. it so flattering and so soft.  please bring back this top!!!!
I liked the concept of this vest  but when i tried it on  i felt like i was 9 years old again and wearing my brownies girl scout uniform. it was also very boxy and wide. it seemed to be well-made  though  and maybe would have worked if it were a different color.
I want to like this top because the idea is cute but i ordered the small and it might have well been xxxl.  with sizing like this  one size fits all could just about do it.
Tried this on in the "onsie" area of retailer store. i usually am between a medium and a large. the medium fit fine. the material in this top is substantial - very thick and soft but it is very thick as a warning. more for a pretty cool spring evening vs the heat of the summer in chicago. not sure how much the material would stretch out either. as it seems like it could be the type. also  it is dry clean only  and on such a casual top  that is a real deal killer for me.     regarding the style of
These pants look nice and are comfortable but the quality of the fabric is terrible! i should not be surprised because i bought another pair of pants by this same label at antro earlier this year and they did not hold up at all either. but i thought i'd give it another shot. never again! i'm on my 5th wear and the crotch and inner thighs have worn away completely...i mean huge holes in the fabric where it's just disintegrated. even at extra % off the sale price it's not worth it. the full price
I bought this in the white  size m (140lbs.  5'8"  34b) because i wanted a baggy fit  which i got  so this is tts. the white is more of an off-white rather than a bright white  which i like because i happen to be looking for an off-white tee. and the shape is good--even in a larger size  this tee nips in at the waist.however  the quality of this tee is lacking  as it is the typical  cheap  marled  slightly see-through material that seems to be everywhere these days and the band on the back of th
I purchased this item in the gray heather color and loved it so much i wanted to buy every other color. the fabric was cottony and felt very soft and cushy against my skin  and the gray color was from the combination of black and white fibers. i ordered the light gray and the red online and could not wait for them to arrive. but the other colors were not even in the same material  but a very shiny and synthetic feeling fabric  with just a single color weave that did not have the same feel or tex
Had to return. ordered an xs which usually fits perfect. 34b chest and it was falling off. shoulders and chest!! it was like a sleeping bag. huge fan of retailer but there is a design flaw in this sweater.
I purchased this blouse in black. love it. this blouse goes with everything from jeans to work to cocktail. it is perfect! my only wish is that it came in a colors. i would add navy  red  green  white. i'm tempted to purchase another one just so i never have to worry about the one i have wearing out. buy it - you won't be sorry.
I want to like this sweater. the color is lovely  more of a grayish blue  and the design is nice. the quality is amazingly good  as it's thick without being too thick and very soft. but the design is odd and quite unflattering! i got the xsmall but it's two big. the sleeves have a very low shoulder so they almost have a wing like look. it doesn't look like it does on this model. the waist area is a lot bigger  so it does sit on your hips  however the sweater isn't slimming cause of the odd shape
Nice quality fabric that's soft to the touch  lightweight  and lays smoothly. runs small - great for those of us who are small on top! the s fits like xs. longer length but not tunic length. the navy can pass for dark silver-gray.
I finally tried this on now that it went on sale  and it was surprisingly flattereing. love the blue color  and i assume the purple was equally nice. fit is true to size as in i tried on the regular xs and it was great  long but ok for me 
I ove the interesting details on this pullover. it is super cozy on and i love the arched hem and extra long cuffs. the crew neck is wide and comfortable but not so wide that you need another shirt underneath. great easy pullover with jeans or leggings.
Love these pants! thank you retailer for making "tall" really tall! i am 6 feet and have to wear heals keep the pants from dragging- love it! i got the black- not 'shear.' they run just a tad small. i am a 4/6 in pants and the 6t just fit me.   i wear with a tank for casual  beach look; colorful silk top for a dressier look- very versatile.     i just may have to buy this in the green. (i would get the white  but some reviews say they are pretty shear.
Beautiful dress but the fit was off for me. overall this is good quality with beautiful lace detail. as the other reviewer mentioned the cutout in the back is very cute. i wanted to love this dress but i found it to run large in the top. i'm 5'6 130lb with 34c and i ordered the small  the top just hung off of me. perhaps it would have been better with an xs.
This tunic is overall very pretty with soft material and very comfy- not itching. the color is more like a taupe than what's shown on picture. i love it very much as the design is unique  romantic but also classic. it goes well with skinny jeans or black leggings.
Absolutely in love with this shirt. the neckline is extremely flattering  and the shirt naturally comes away from the body.
Everything about this dress is beautiful except for the hemline. the color is beautiful; the old-fashioned  wispy femininity is beautiful. the dress probably could use something better at the waistline besides elastic  maybe ribbons to tie  but the hemline is what kills it. it is half a normal-length dress (in the front) and half maxi dress (in the back). the designer should have chosen one or the other  not both  and it would have been much better. for the category of aesthetic/design  i would
I was very excited to find a fun and lightweight white dress for spring/summer. for the past two years i have found two of my favorite white dresses. the material that this dress is made out of did not look high quality at all. the fit looked more like that of an old nightgown. this dress has no shape to it  although probably comfortable  not flattering. i had high hopes for this dress and wish that it looked like it does in the picture  in person.
Love this top! it's pretty  unique and well made. i did size down to a small for reference and still have a slightly oversized look.
I agree with the other reviewers  this top is completely disappointing in every way  i could not believe it was the same top i pulled from the bag. where to begin .......  it runs really big  it's short and boxy  not at all like it appears on the model  this must be pinned a lot in this picture.  colors are completely dull in person  i really think this picture was lightened a great deal.  fabric feels cheap and stiff  lining is stuff and poorly sewn.  i haven't one positive thing to say about t
I really wanted to like this shirt the quality is amazing and much prettier in person but it is hard to take care of. if you wash it the wrinkles are horrible so it has to be dry clean only. also the back is ridiculously long it looks very odd from the side view.
Very happy with this top! love the design--very different. also like that the front panel is different fabric. buttons also are a fun detail. great shirt to transition from summer to fall. i usually wear xs or s--ordered this in xs and perfect fit. going to be a favorite.
For starters  the back pictured on the website is not true to the actual back of the shirt. the small traps are not there and it isn't gathered in the exact same way. the big bow is adjustable and overall i really loved the fit of the top  but the difference in design is not something i would expect from retailer. my shirt also got a hole in it along the seam in the back after washing once. although i liked the look of the top  the quality is not what i'm used to from retailer.
I bought this in white and coral. i usually wear xl  but both l and xl fit well. i bought coral in l and white in xl. it is a tad see-through but not a lot. the top is comfortable and looks very good on  coral is so dreamy and white perfect for a casual day out. i am not crazy about linen fabric though  it can be a bit scratchy  i would have preferred if the top were in a softer fabric. for now though i plan to keep both.
I tried this top because i loved the not so simple  simpleness of it. however  it was a miss for me. loved the fit and style  which i'd say is pretty true to size  i just didn't love the color on me. i went for the orange one and the color was a bit too bright for my liking. cute top though! for reference i'm a usually small  i'm 5'4" and a small fit perfectly.
I have this suit in the "tile" pattern and i love it. i am a breast cancer survivor and this suit is perfect for as it covers a little issue i have on the left. so i ordered the "mint" pattern. the colors are beautiful but the pattern is off. the "v" pattern on the front is not centered. as a result  my body looks a little lop-sided. i looked carefully at the suit on the model and noticed it was slightly off center on her also. however my suit is quite a bit off-center. it's too bad  because the
Adorable peasant fitting top.  not too voluminous  just right for over jeans  and really cute with shorts.  the detail makes it wearable for dress up or down  and the cut is classic!
Love this color! when i saw this beautiful blue color in the store i had to try them on! so pretty! if you love pilcro chinos--you will be happy with these! same great fit and an awesome color!
I'm 5'9 and 150 pounds and got a medium. the cut is very flattering on me and i have received many compliments when i wear it. it is lined  so no need to wear a cami underneath.
This is soooo much more cropped than it looks in the picture. the fabric is super soft and design is cute. i really wanted to like this  but it just doesn't fit as shown. the back is halfway up by back and i am shortwaisted...
I tried on a size 8 in the store just for fun... (i am a 0 petite) and then decided to take a chance and order my usual size. i was a little worried as many reviews said the dress was small  but it was on back order and decided to wait before ordering a size up. the 0p was actually fine  yes  it is a little hard to zip up  but once on  it is totally fine... not even too snug... but i didn't sit and eat... we shall see. i don't plan on ordering the size up. i think the zipper needed some wiggling
The dress is beautiful on the model. in person it's sheer  but i could have dealt with that if the fit had been great. i am 5'4" and the petite was too short and the regular too long. both are very boxy and seem to run big. even the size small in both petite and regular were too big on me and usually in cloth and stone size small is perfect. i really wanted to love this dress but ended up returning several sizes in my attempt to find the perfect size.
I love eva franco   this is a very poor version ! bias seams are puckery... zipper is bubbled   felt great looked like fun but too much if a mess to be fixed.
Warm  asthetically pleasing and super comfy. i love the combination of style and comfort together. this sweater is a must have.
Beautiful shorts. i'm 5'3" 130 lbs and athletic/muscular build. the 4 fit perfect which is my true size. great print that will go with plenty of different colors. i feel like you can dress it up or go more casual.
I ordered this top in 2 colors because i thought it would be great with leggings. i always love my retailer purchases  but this fell a little short. i think it may be the type fabric it is  but the way the back hangs so low on my frame (5'4") it doesn't drape nicely over my leggings. the style of the top is very cute and maybe if i wanted it for skinny jeans  it would be ok. i returned them both to the store.  this is one that would be better to try on first...
This dress is very pretty in person. it fits true to size and is very figure flattering. one other reviewer mentioned it is a bit low cut  but i think that can be resolved by wearing a cami underneath to cover cleavage. my only gripe with this dress is that it's a little rough and stiff feeling. i am really sensitive to that and only buy things that are velvety soft. it probably works for most people but not for me  so had to go back.
It looks so cute and i love the detail on this dress but it was not flattering on me. light summer dress and that was exactly what i needed but i had to exchange it with something else.
Would recommend  but with the caveat that i had to return due to the pants being way too big all over  even the length was more than i expected from the photos online. i am 5'5" 120lbs narrow hips  usually a 25 in pants (including other level 99 pants i own). i ordered a 25 and i could have pulled them off completely buttoned  plus they went nearly to my ankles. anyhow  the material is really nice  soft and comfy  color was good (i ordered the dark)  and i could imagine they would be super cute
I'm 5'8" about 134  somewhat of a pear  and these jeans in size 28 fit like they were made for me. plus  the fabric is really soft and comfortable and i love the color. ankle opening is more straight than skinny  which is a change from my usual skinny jeans  but i like it.
I have a mixed feeling about this cardigan.  on one hand  i like it; on the other hand  there are some minor things i do not like.  first  i love its knit pattern; especially the pattern on the back.  second  i like a soft color of this cardigan.  on website pictures  two motifs look almost the same.  in reality  brown motif is light pink-ish while blue motif is light blue-green-ish.  third  texture.  this cardigan is made of linen and cotton  so it feels comfortable to wear.  if there are flaws
I knew i had to have these when i saw them on one of the retailer store instagrams. i bought them in the blue color combo and they are very comfortable and can be dressed up for work or paired with more casual clothing because of the material. they run a little large and have a lot of stretch so i would size down.
I was hesitant to buy this because it is double breasted which isn't my first choice. that was the least of the problems with this jacket. i love sparkle  and i love beautiful detail  none of the elements by themselves was a problem. the sum of the parts didn't work  though. the end result was an unflattering  confusing mess. the silhouette plus the frayed edges  plus the sequins plus the vent in back plus the huge buttons plus the double breast  plus the zipper were just too many things to go t
I don't normally spend so much on t shirts but this one is worth it. really well made and quite unique. i reckon i'll get a lot of use out of it 
Clothes generally tend to look great when you're svelte. hence thin models. i've recently put on a few pounds (normally a 4-6  xs  small in retailer  5'6" and i have boobs) and when i get lazy and eat a little too much i get it around the middle. i already have a chest so that makes finding clothes to look flattering harder bc the boobs create the apple effect. all that said just to make the point that this is a flattering sweater. i grabbed it last minute on the way to the dressing room  but i ne
I wish these zipped up instead of the drawstring. they are super cute but don't care for the way they sit on the hips.
While this top is pretty  it's very unflattering. it just looks so boxy on me that it makes me look heavier. too bad  because i really wanted to like it.
Light and flows so nicely. a great length--not to short or long. great with shorts. material is lovely.
I was extremely disappointed when this arrived. it's nothing like the red color shown  rather it's a very dull reddish color. as other reviews have suggested  it is very thin and runs large. i have to return.
I tried wearing it  however  i thought i needed courage to wear this tank.  unfortunately  i did not purchase this tank although i liked color and design.  first  it runs small than the regular size.   it feels even smaller because my size is xs.  in addition  it tends to exaggerate a body line.  i am not quite sure why this happens  but maybe it is just the way this tank is.  if you are confident about your upper body posture  then yes  it would look very cool.  however  if you have thin postur
This dress is very pretty and would be nice for a summer wedding. you will need to go braless or wear a strapless bra. i am sending it back because as it runs very small. i am a 34a and the size 2 was too snug across the top.
I read all the reviews before purchasing this and took the advice of others on sizing up. i am 5'4" hourglass shape (32d  27 inch waist  size 28 pant size) and normally wear a size 4p in retailer dresses. i ordered a 6p and the top was way too big on me. i went straight to an retailer store to try on a 4 regular and the top half was perfect on me. a little too long for my liking (about an inch below my knee)  so i re-ordered it in a 4p. this dress ran true to size for me. i recommend trying it on in
Super thick material and it's lined with cotton so as not to be scratchy on the skin. it looks cute on  hopefully it will soften over time. almost thick like upholstery fabric.
Super soft fabric! the opening in the back makes it very chic.
This is a very light  flowy dress. the lining is very fitted  but the dress is actually not fitted. it has a nice flow  but hits right at the thigh area before flowing out. plan to wear it to work.the color is very bright and pretty.
This is a super cute top that is a fit and flare design. i think the stylists wanted it to look more straight hence the odd model shots  but this definitely has a flare to it. it also has pockets. it feels a bit artsy to me which isn't normally my style  but the pink and white is just very feminine and pretty. i would say it probably runs a little large because of the style  but i have larger arms  so  the arms were a bit snug in my normal size  but i didn't want to go up in size as the rest fit
I couldn't believe there weren't more reviews complaining about the arm size... then i found them!  yes  this is a cute shirt  if you have toothpicks for arms!  so true!  the shirt is adorable... a bit guazy (so not going to be super warm for fall/winter... but i live in cali so that's not an issue).  but  my arms aren't even big  and this shirt is so snug around my arms!  unfortunately it's going back :(
I bought this in size xl. it is so much bigger than i expected. there are panels of material. it really is huge. not flattering at all. still  i kept it. the material is so soft & flowy. i've gotten good use wearing it around the house  doing chores  resting  etc. i wouldn't wear it out doing errands. but  around home  it's perfect for feeling cozy. such a strange cut. i don't know who would look good in it since it can look sloppy. i think many would enjoy wearing it at home.
I loved this top... the color is true to screen. the cut is cute. it's a lovely basic top that has just the right twist to it. i loved the fabric. it is see-through but if you wear a nude colored bra under it nothing shows.
While there is nothing wrong with this top  it didn't really have an retailer feel. it looked more like something from a dept store  maybe a boutique. i got on sale but sending back bc i just don't like it that much  especially next to my pale skin. i could see it looking much better in someone with darker skin tone. i'm usually a 8/10 med. small in this top fit well.
For some reason  the cream colored cords are sheer. the material is quite thin. you can see the pockets through them  as well as the seams. i have other ag cords and it seems the material they are using this go around is substandard. too bad.
I ordered this in size xl in ivory. it was a drab  poorly-made  too-small sweater. the knit material wasn't good quality and the overall fit didn't work. i liked the light red color and maybe if that had been in stock  then i would have overlooked the problems. but  there are better ivory retailer cardigans available. this was returned.
I'm a maeve fan and i really like the design  fabric and details of this dress. unfortunately  the skirt flares out too much and ends in an odd area on my legs. i'm not sure why the silhouette doesn't drape on me as it does on the model. it's like a cut-off a-line flare. have to agree that this dress runs large. i usually wear a m  ordered the s and it's still too big.
I saw this top online and fell in love with it  as i live in white cotton comfy tanks  but i was concerned that it might make me look like i was wearing a tent from the side profile since i am top heavy - 36d  and i happen to have this problem with some tops and dresses. so i went into the store to try it on in a size l and i was shocked how not only did it not look like a tent it had a slimming effect! i felt so attractive in it i had a hard time looking at myself in the mirror (believe me this
I love this top! usually i prefer neutral colors  but i looked at every one of the colors  and fell in love with the pink. i think it looks the best with the embroidery at the top. i too love this cut on my shoulders for summer. i would definitely recommend this top. i bought an xs and it's perfect. this shirt made me feel like twirling  i love it.
Love this blouse  it fits tts  and it accentuates all the right curves. the color is a lovely shade of pale peach  and while it's true that some of the buttons aren't cut  it's an easy fix  you just have to take a small pair of sharp scissors  and carefully cut the uncut threads--it didn't even take me 5 minutes to do  then you can button or unbutton in whatever way feels comfortable for you. it just makes you look and feel effortlessly sophisticated. busty girls  don't be shy--i have a 34 h bus
Nice stretchy shirt. nothing special so i wouldn't pay more than sale price.
I had a feeling this might not work for me  so i decided to try it on in the store just to verify. i was quite right. i'm a tall gal with a size 36c  and it just billowed out and made me look wider. i normally wear a size m in tops and even this was a tad loose.  if you're petite/smaller framed  this will probably work for you. if you're tall and busty  this doesn't do us gals any favors  in my opinion.  it is a lovely top  and i loved the velvet trim at the bottom  the inner lining was decent 
I wore this coat one day and the buttons started falling off. it stretched so much. i'm going to beg my local store to take back. it shouldn't fall apart like that. it's super duper cozy though.
I'm tall and small chested so the dress didn't fit me perfectly. i adore the color and pattern  but wish it was less revealing in the chest area. i definitely have to wear something under. otherwise high quality and unique dress!
I usually wear a s. the reviews were helpful. looking at the pic this shirt does look a little on the fitted side. i ordered a size m & it fits perfectly! the sleeve length is fine too! the colors are dark  not as in the photo. i do like the frayed edge look too. i have some skinnys like that. i had been looking at this shirt for months but thought it was a bit pricey. at the sale price plus the promo discount it makes it very much worth it. no regrets. hope this isn't tmi.. of note: the dark bl
I got these in the mail today and to me  they look exactly like the pants my mamaw used to wear in the 80s. they were super comfy but not cute at all on me. they do run large like other reviews say. i am usually an 8/10 or med and these in the small were the right choice. going back because they just look horrible on me though
This is such a cute dress  and i don't know why know one has reviewed it yet. its different and fun  i have worn it to work once and have gotten several compliments on it. i found that it does run a bit short so i wore it with leggings.
I've been searching high and low for a pair of flattering and comfortable linen pants. i'm very particular and have turned down every pair until these. these are perfect! they fit true to size. they are a relaxed  but not baggy cut. (i hate saggy butt pants!) the legs are slightly tapered so they don't widen my frame. they look great rolled up or left down. the linen is soft  not scratchy. the elastic band sits comfortably on my waist. they are also not see through! (a must for me!) i ordered th
I was really hoping that this dress would fit perfectly because it looks beautiful on the model! however  when i put the dress on  there is a seam where the top portion meets the bottom portion and it made the skirt stick out a ton. i ordered the 0p and i am 5'4" 110lbs. maybe ordering this dress in a larger size would prevent the skirt from looking so full at the top.
Its a beautiful print and design. the shirt overall is a little short but untucked it can work. i dont know why everybody is making these short square little tops. overall  i am intrigued with the whimsical print and i like that enough to overlook the length.
I bought this dress in the print and the moss color and may very well return for the dark gray. for reference  i am 5'2"  140 lbs. i have been more recently wearing size 6  but a 4 was perfect  so i do think it runs a bit large. this dress has a drawstring that ties in the back and cinches the waist up nicely  and is very flattering. the waist actually hits at the natural waistline and not up on the ribs. the fabric is lightweight and washes well. i washed and immediately hung dry. it was slight
I like the retro look but these seem to run large to me.  i get they are ruched on the sides.  yet  the bottom has a saggy look.  i got the large but i feel like i should have gotten the medium to fill out the bottom. i already took the strip out and washed so i'm keeping them.  very cute with a bikini top.  maybe i just need a bigger butt.
I saw this dress online and i ordered immediately! it has everything i love: my fav color  a peplum and feminine cut out details. i ordered my usual size medium  and it was too tight in the chest  and i am just average... 34c. loved it so reordered in a size large. if you are thinking of purchasing this beauty i would suggest going up a size if you are on the upper end of your size (medium 8/10 and i am usually a 10 so needed to go up) the reason i gave the quality a lower rating is that the med
This is a lot shinier in person  and the elastic band is really tight but i still selected true to size. there is a hi-lo hem going on that doesn't flatter my legs but it looks fantastic from the side. due to the stiffness of the material and the tightness of the band  it can get crumply on the side if you don't get the right size. the material feels a little thin and scratchy.
I bought the white in my usual xs size  i don't agree with some of the other reviews that say it is thin  because it is not a sweater. it is a pullover in a kind of waffle weave fabric   not a sweater knit. very cute with a flattering fit. casual wear.
The xxs petite fit great except in bust and shoulder area. i'm a 32a and it was really tight.
This whole order was disappointing. the main piece i ordered was cancelled and the two remaining items - this sweater included were poorly made. there was a snag/thread hanging out in the middle of the front of the sweater - tried to tuck it in but it wouldn't stay so i'll be returning it.
I absolutely love this vest. it fits extremely well and falls nicely. i find the collar/lapel billows or flaps out and away from the interior of the vest and i wish they were sewn or secured down. when you tie the string around your waist  the lapel doesn't lay flat  but if you style it like the online model and tie the string off to tighten around your waist  you get a very flattering look. the color and fabric is great quality and really nice in person. i'm overall really happy with this vest.
I look like a stuffed sausage in these pants and i even went up a size. for some reason  this fabric isn't working for me. i think it's the sheed combined with the stretch (or lack there of) of the fabric. i'll have to pass.
The color of this dress is gorgeous and i really wanted to love it. but  it was awful. i am 5'9'' and the length was fine. the problem is the lack of shape which made me look 50 - 100 lbs heavier than i am. it would make a great maternity dress since that is what it already looks like.
So i haven't actually tried this and i'm sorry for the misleading star rating. i just wanted to get someone's attention on the length. the photos show the dress draping with almost a train even with the model in platform heels but in the video  the dress is about 2 inches off the floor. is it the model in the video that is extra tall? someone help me out. this looks gorgeous but since it's an online exclusive  i won't be able to try it on at the store.
This was too big in the arms & i didn't like how there was only one button toward the top so that it made your body look hippy. little too itchy too. best thing about it was the look of the slouchy collar.
This blouse is stunning on the website ;however  it is totally sheer which you cannot tell from the photo. i was very disappointed and will be returning.
Wonderful dress! very comfortable and great fit! received numerous compliments whenever i wear it.
This is a beautiful spring/summer dress  and the quality of the materials is great. i wanted to love it. but the sizing is ridiculous! i'm 5'3" and 115 and i think you could fit three of me comfortably in the xs. while the pictures of the model in the dress don't suggest it has a shapeless cut  it definitely looked like a sack on me. a sack with a lovely print  but still an ill-fitting sack.
Very soft  first thing i have to say  but runs a little big  especially in the sleeves  i ordered the xxs p and the sleeves still bunch a lot at the wrists. also  other bummer is how sheer the ivory fabric is  i wish it had more substance for the price. but  i like the style and color combo. classic look  effortless  and can be paired with so many things. the regular size neckline was too low for me. the length on the petite was fine  not too short. so i say it runs big.    for reference  i am 1
Love! love! love this tunic! i was worried about getting the regular size because they don't have my size in petite anymore but im glad i took a chance getting the regular size. my daughter said its just perfect on me. very pretty!
I am 5 '4"  124lbs  and 36 c - usually take a small or sometimes a medium in t.la tops. this top seems to run particularly large as i ended up with an xs.
My store had this and i was so intrigued with its nearly $400 price tag that i decided to play dress up. the colors in person match the colors online  so that was nice to see consistency. overall though  i feel like a dress of that price would need to make me feel like a million bucks  which it did not. most items that fit my slender frame are too short  and this was no exception. the xs fit but i wouldn't be doing much moving  walking or dancing in this dress  which brings me to the question of
Classy tunic can be worn with jeans or leggings. neckline is small but stretches so it goes on easily. color is perfect for spring. my only word of caution.....the design can add a bit of bulk around the middle so probably not your best bet if you are tummy conscious.
I like this shirt because it can be worn for dressy or casual. i like the weight although i wish it was just a tad less see-through. i can get by without wearing a tank under but i usually feel like i have to wear one. i like the link. i feel like it runs just a little large. i love the length of the sleeves and the detail/cut of the sleeve. i like the colors on the shirt too. it's a good  versatile addition to my wardrobe!
But  it just doesn't measure up. first  the slip/lining comes unattached if pulled slightly and it is very difficult to actually get it on - either stepping into it or pulling it over your head. and  once on  the top was a big snug and there was too much material at the bottom which made it look really bulky. unfortunately  i am finding this to be the case with so many of the items i buy from retailer lately. the material is really cute  but the dress isn't worth the price / effort.
This is a shift dress  which is a great dress for many people  in a kind of man-repeller way. by saying that  i mean  a really pretty dress that can show off amazing shoes  good legs  a beautiful face and hair. this is not a body con dress. however  when you do such a high neckline and boxy sleeves  you do no one any favors. everyone has a nice neck and decolletage and collarbone. everyone. the neckline needs to open up a bit....i'm not saying v-neck  just a bit lower than this  because it makes
This sweater/tunic is very poor quality - the seams looked like they were about to come apart as soon as i got it. and  without a chunky statement necklace  it looks like your grandmothers apron. there just isn't any style to it - has to go back.
Absolutely love these pants! i have had these pilcos for about two months now and it has been a staple in my fall wardrobe. i have worn them at least once a week. the only downfall is the button has already fallen off and the seam in the knee has recently torn apart. given the leather  i'm not sure if they can be fixed. these are fabulous  but the quality is just not there. very disappointing.
I ordered this top in red based on one of the reviews. it is more like marroon. i am very disappointed. the top itself is plain cotton and not that great quality. it is long and has the belt at the back  but the fit and quality overall are very plain. it looks a tad dowdy. i am still keeping it because i got it on sale and i can wear it at home with lounge leggings. but it is definitely not dressy. perhaps white may not look as bad. the plain design and marroon dull color don't help.
I stumbled upon the blue version in the store. i immediately liked that it was easy  chic  and just different-enough. after wearing it for a birthday dinner  i saw it online and realized that i had styled it almost exactly the same way the blue one is shown. black sandal wedges  silver cuff  silver earrings. it is flattering in an unexpected way  which may be partially because i am really small-chested. the front v is deep compared to what i usually wear  but double-sided tape easily kept my bra
I read the previous reviews  but decided to try it out since retailer was having 40% off sale items.  it looks very flattering on me  and great fit for my body type.  i would recommend.
This is a very sweet/soft sweater  however it runs very large and is very boxy! i would say at least size down 1-2 sizes! i wanted to love them but i had to send it back!!
You won't break the bank with this cute tee. loved that it's not a thin fabric. the variation in the stripes adds interest  too. i ordered a large  my regular size  and it fit well. i returned because it was a bit on the long side on my short frame  the colors didn't suit me and i need long sleeve tees now that we're heading into the colder months.
Just didn't look as cute on me as the pics online. the color blocking was kind of odd actually. returning.
I am a huge fan of tracy reese because her dresses are works of art  great quality  and super wearable for both work and play  and this is no exception. i purchased this dress in regular xs (i'm 5'2"  34b  26 waist  36 hips) and it falls right above my knees. for the office or more conservative setting  i add a belt and a sweater. otherwise  i wear it alone for a carefree look. i chose the regular size because the dress is voluminous and it gets about an inch shorter when i belt it  and it looks
I'll start with saying that it's a beautiful coat- i get tons of compliments and love the color. it runs a little big but it's meant to have to a slouchy  oversized quality to it. my only complaint is that i've had it for about 3 weeks and already one button has completely fallen off and the two inside fasteners already feel loose and very delicate. there's no extra buttons to replace the old one with and i'm worried more of the coat is going to fall apart. super bummed about the construction qu
I fell in love with this skirt when i saw it on display so i had the store order me an xspetite. it seemed like the perfect lightweight summer skirt that would go with everything. it arrived today and i was a bit underwhelmed with the way it actually fit on me. it is kind of a thick linen/cottony material and just didn't lay down well  bunching out on the sides in a way i didn't find to be very flattering. so 5 stars for print and whimsy and charm  but 3 stars for actual fit on. alas it is going
This shirt is not near as nice as it may look the fabric is just ok it runs large i ordered a xs and the neck line was huge and gaping not worth the money even on sale
I was not so sure i would like this dress as i was afraid it may be too boxy looking. per other reviews i took a chance...i love it!  so sweet with my grey boots and just dressy enough...but still casual and fun.  detail work is very nicely done.
Love the diving beauty version  it is charming without being too "cutsie" which i stay away from. the epitome of summer and that grab and go easy little statement. i find it runs true to size...you could safely size down if need be. love it! thinking of getting the here comes the sun too! tuck it in  tie it in the back or side or great just draping...love the little touch on the sleeve too...nice surprise!
I have a curvy figure  and this top is not for me. it fits loose at the top and is tight at the bottom. it is also short. i think this top works best on slender figures.
I ordered a size small (usually i am ps) but wanted the extra length. usually i can get away with a regular small but not this time. such a cute style but made me look short & wide. unfortunately it's going back
Super soft  super cute but too short for a dress  too long and too overwhelming for a shirt  and didn't like the look with leggings at all so sadly i'm returning. love the colors  feel and style but no way will sizing up or down fit in a way that was functional...having said that..fits tts i guess.
Got this in the blue and was so excited. while it looks cute  someone had clearly bought this  worn it  and returned it. it had human and dog hair all over it. not to mention some kind of red strings. it was pilling all over. so much for quality control!!! i don't mind buying used things but at least clean it up and give me a discount!
Purchased the gray patterned top. seemed to fit tts  but it didn't fit me. i'm an athletic build with a 34d bust and it just wouldn't fit right around the shoulder/neck area. i'm pretty confident it would fit someone who is less busty than i. the double-sided fabric was soft and felt like it would wash/wear very well. nice length all around...top and sleeves.
I loved these pants - super soft and cozy and perfect for winter. i've worn them a handful of times and have washed them maybe twice max and they already have 2 holes! they don't say handwash and my washer/dryer is brand new and pretty gentle on my clothes. maybe i just ended up with a bad pair  but i found the quality to be disappointing :(
This dress looked great on the hanger  but once on  it did absolutely nothing for me.    navy is one of my most flattering colors  but the navy in the dress did not make up for the yucky second color that was so blah it just reminded me of dirt. that second color made me look drab.    i am 5'8" with a long torso and wear a size 12 in tts tops and dresses  but the waist on this dress hit at an uncomfortable spot between by waist and ribs. i really needed the waist to be dropped further. or higher
I purchased the coral color. i'm usually between an xs and small in this brand  and i felt the top runs a tad small  so the small fit much better. simple and flattering top.
I have been looking for the perfect jumpsuit and this is it! i am 5'7.5" and 122 lbs and the small is a perfect fit! the fabric is super comfy  you can wear a regular bra (yay!) and it can be dressed up or down! i am looking forward to taking this on my european vacation in august! the blue is a very pretty blue but i opted for the black!
Ordered this in my typical size  xs  and it fits perfectly. the weather hasn?t cooled off enough for me to wear it on a daily basis  but after just trying it on i can say that it fits really nice. the sleeves are a knit material which make them very forgiving and the jacket easy to wear. plus  there is enough room for me to wear a tee-shirt or thin blouse underneath. ordered the slate color and it is a very beautiful neutral  brown that should go with almost anything.
I saw a stylist wearing a similar piece from a few seasons ago and commented that i liked it on her. i was told they had a different version (a few actually) and i decided to try it on. it actually is pretty flattering  i had flared jeans on but also could see it with a dress. i left it open  as pictured  tied one button  and also played with the neck and tried a cowl... all very nice.    i debated getting my usual xs petite  but hey  they don't make it in petite  and the stylist thought the loo
This hoodie is beautiful  soft and flattering. but the soft fabric pilled badly after one wearing and it's probably going to look ratty after a few washings. i might accept pilling in a $30 sweatshirt but not at this price. i don't really want to take it back but i will. (i've complained to retailer employees in the past about other clothes pilling and poor quality  and they've always said i could bring it back)
I got this in the green color. it's a beautiful color  soft to the touch. i agree with other reviewers that it seems very delicate. i don't mind dry-cleaning my sweaters  so that's not the issue. the problem is that a. it runs huge - i got the small and it swims on me. i tend to run between small and medium in tops - very unusual to have a small be so big on me and b. the slits go even higher than they look on the model - they come up to the top of my waist. even with high-waisted pants  the sli
I wanted to love this dress  especially because it's been given good reviews. i ordered the blue and tried it on. the fit was pretty good and the color is pretty and deep. i did not like the seam that ran around the drop waist. it created a weird allusion that the two pockets in front was actually a continuous pouch around the dress. i also did not like the neckline - there is fabric added on the shoulders that's in a different fabric and makes it look like you're wearing a t-shirt underneath th
Tried on standard xs and the photo on-line is slightly misleading as i thought that there were more colors involved in the embroidery pattern. in person  the pattern is not as intricate with only 2 solid colors. the body of the shirt is light  airy/billowy  not as form grazing like on the model..which i don't mind. i still love the top but would have to go for a petite xs or even a petite xxs so that it would be a little more fitted all around. note that the embroidery on the dã©colletã© feels lik
Beautiful blouse in theory  however  on my 5'9" frame it came off like a costume. i truly had a nice chuckle as i looked at myself in the mirror. had to sadly return it
This blouse is a beauty! i love the hemline across the bust and all the flowy fabric that drapes in front and in back. i love the long length and the side slits. the wide hemline at the bottom is lovely. the cotton is soft and light and as amazing to wear as it is to look at. it makes me feel beautiful just having it on. be aware the fabric is sheer and requires a tank  but i don't mind as it is both pretty and comfortable. i sized up  which fits how i like. i never tried it on in my normal size
I ordered this top in rose. (the color is actually more of a cream with navy and yellow stripes but i could tell that from the photo when i was ordering). the fit is true to size and the cut is very flattering. excited to add this gem to my summer wardrobe!
This top takes every other tee and blows it out of the water! it appears subtle on the hanger  but it looks so lady like on! the flutter sleeve are darling. the top does have a lot of volume  but the drape is so lovely  it adds some shape. it is perfect to wear everyday and dress up! i bought to wear with the bryden skirt. for reference  i purchased ordered the xs (though i am wearing a s in the photo) and i am 34c  26" waist. the shoulder fit okay with easter size  but there was a little less v
I got this 25% off before christmas. i immediately started wearing it  thinking it would be a staple. i like the swing shape; the shape feels just right - not too baggy. but the material is more washed out looking than the picture reveals  collects lint like crazy  and out of the box the sweater looks like it has been laundered several times. also  there is a particularly prominent hole in the chest area (as you can see in retailer's picture). it looks out of place in person. i'm left loving the s
This top is so cute and i immediately had to purchase it when i saw it. i am usually drawn to boxy  cropped shirts  but i find this is harder to wear than i anticipated. it may be because i got a small size  but it is boxier than i anticipated and is almost hard to wear with even jeans. i recommend you buy because the detailing is so pretty and perfect  but try on and make sure you have some good bottoms to pair it with!
This dress is great! it fits true to size and the pockets are very unnoticable!  my only note is that the first picture of the dress show the dress to be a bit darker than the actual dress. the dress colour more closely resembles that of the other two photos.
I've been eyeing this dress for months  so when it went on sale i finally purchased it. now i see why it's on sale. the dress runs extremely large and has no shape.... looks like a potatoe sack and i feel like moo...moo in it! this will be going back to the store!!!!
Ladies this top shrinks!!! i am very disappointed  i was in love with this top and the first time i washed it it shrunk a significant amount. i did not use a dryer  i laid this piece out to dry as i do with the majority of my knit tops and it shrunk. it is a lot shorter and much tighter  especially in my arms. if you love this top i might suggest buying a size up and washing it to fit.
I really was looking forward to this piece but unfortunately it was too small to even pass through my head nevertheless i couldn't even get both arms in. i got a size small and probably needed a large; but as far as the quality and color  it's really pretty! just go up a size or two if anything and try it out.
Love the subtle print - makes these good for work and for play. will wear with wedge booties  flowing top and jacket. perfect outfit.
Regretfully  this dress is on its way back for an exchange. the dresss is beautiful and fits true to size  i ordered it in both colors  however  the black has a defect in the lace right on the front of the dress  and the white was tearing in a few spots under the arms and on the bottom. again  the dress is so pretty and i am hoping retailer will find me one without bunching  pulls   or tears for an exchange  but i can't pay 130" for a dress that is already torn.
I'm 5'3" and 120 lbs. i ordered a m and it was far too boxy and long in the arms as well as the back. the collar is small and lays flat. the material is good quality and soft but heavier than i had hoped.
This is a busy dress that makes me think "boho-glam holly hobby". i bought my usual size and it looks like nightmare of a nightgown on me. i'm going to try a size smaller in the hopes i will love it more. i'm recommending this dress for those that like the quirky whimsical hippie eclectic crafty style.
This top! it is so simple  but so great at the same time! it does run large  and i'm not a skinny girl... but it has a style that is certainly meant to flow away from the body as it goes down. i find the top portion very flattering and the looser bottom section doesn't take away from that. i have been wearing the olive green with fitting dark jeans and a flannel or oversized soft  washed-jean button down shirt over it for the cool spring weather. it's casual  but so comfy. it's great for loungin
This dress looks great online with boots as shown. when it arrived and i tried it on  it fit great on my arms  wasn't too tight on my neck  but once it went down over my chest (36c)  the dress never came back "in" to show my feminine waist/shape. it just looked like a big trash bag on me  very disappointing! similar to a mumu.
Low waisted  weird liner.
I love this top. i got the blue  the colors are deep and just beautiful  i'm normally a large  so i feel this top runs large. i got the medium and it fits perfect   it is long  i'm 5'6" and it hits the bottom of my butt.   you won't be disappointed  try this top
This top fits tts. the sweater part is cream  eyelet material is white. love it!
This skirt looks just like it does on the model. it is the prefect maxi skirt with lots of movement. i actually bought the off the shoulder top it is paired with. you can't tell on the model but the slit has buttons up it so you can undo or do as many of the buttons as you want to show off as much leg as you want. it is a little pricey but well worth it.
The colors and design of this skirt are beautiful. the fabric hangs nicely. the color i more burnt orange than red. i ordered my usual size (6)  but it is too small.
I really wanted to love this romper and couldn't wait to try it on.   it's super cute and love the material but once on the top portion is way too baggy even after cinching the waist.   if i pulled the waist all the way down it looks smoother and nice   but if it sits at my natural waist   the back balloons out and it's unflattering.  it's too bad   i love the print and ease of this design.
So cute and so adorable but too short for my body in size small. i'm going to try a size medium.  fabric is a nice weight cotton. lining is good  sleeves are a not too tight.
I ordered this and hoped it would be a fun & whimsical sweater for this winter. instead  it's just strange. it didn't fit well. too short in the overall length & in the sleeves. the shades of the yarn were drab. it also didn't seem made to last. it looked like it would pill/snag in a short amount of time. i returned it. i'd love to see a style similar to this executed better in the future. having a unique sleeve is a cute idea.
I liked the design and i didn't mind that is see through  but i couldn't put it on ! not size 8 what is my usual size   not size 10 or 12  even 14! my shoulders wouldn't go through the middle part and it is not stretchy   so disappointed. i really wanted to like it.
I loved the look of this shirt  but when i put it on it was entirely too billowy under the chest. it just ended up making me look larger and pregnant.
As another reviewer pointed out  although the tag inside the dress says that you can machine wash in cold water  the color around the popsicles will bleed! this is extremely disappointing. i'm hoping it can either be fixed with dye remover  or that retailer will take this item back. would only dry clean this item.
I loved these pants. loved them so much that it pained me to return them. but  i used shout stain remover on them once  and it drastically faded them in the spot i used the stain remover  that i had to return them. i'm grateful to retailer for standing by their product and taking the pants back for a full refund. i'm tempted to buy them again if i can't find similar pants elsewhere (and just stay away from the stain remover). but  i'm still undecided.
Colors washed me out  i need more vibrant colors. so cute on the model
I know it's for warm weather  but i am more excited to use as a layering piece for fall/ winter. i bought 2 sizes a 4 & 6  because i wasn't sure on size. the 6 was way big on me  but the boxy cut of the 4 left enough room for a shirt or light sweater underneath.
I ordered this in the peach color and it is a beautiful pale color. the underside of the cuff has a pretty pattern on it  so if you roll it up once it adds a little something extra! it is extremely see through though so you might want to wear a tank under!
Really wanted to love dress but something was off with fit. fabric is lovely and zipper detail nice unfortunately style was not for me.
The dress is extremely high quality! i purchased the dress in black. the white collared shirt that the model is wearing under the dress is not part of the dress. the dress overall is like a balloon. unless you're extremely tall and skinny this dress makes you look bigger! i ordered the small petite and am 125 lbs and 5'4. i really wanted to like this dress but unfortunately it's going back:( the petite hits 3 inches above the knee for reference.
The front of this top is pretty thin and you can see through it
There'd a reason this dress is all over instagram and like. it's stunning and beautiful  perfect for a wedding or event. the beading is beautiful and the tiers on the dress are more flattering than you'd expect   especially since it does have a bit of pouff to it. love it  5 stats! i sized up so that it would be longer
I got this in the blue and love it. tts and the shape is very unique and classy- better than shown on the model. it can be worn alone or with a long sleeve underneath as a layer. considering the neutral as well.
This yellow/mango color is so beautiful in person. i actually don't have the best skin tone for shades of yellow  but i couldn't resist trying this one on & it turned out to be perfect! the silhouette is very feminine  especially around the neckline & shoulders. there is a lot of fabric  but i actually appreciate that the dress is substantive. finally  the nicest thing is that the dress can easily be dressed up or dressed down depending on how you accessorize it. looking forward to summer!
As with other maeve dresses  the fit is great. i love the empire waist with stud details. the slip is nice and stretchy and i really like the flowy chiffon look over a fitted slip. i'm not too keen on the way the sleeves tie and find that the ties get in the way of everything. when i first saw this online  i was super excited to find it in the stores because i loved the big orange snake that is on the back of the dress shown online. however  only the smallest size had the great snake on the back
This is a great quality top. it did not look great on me  since i am quite top heavy. but is lovely.
1. i'm 5'5" tall  145 lbs  and 38-32-40 and the size 30s fit me perfectly.  2. i like the regular hyphen chinos and the stet chinos  but these pleated ones looked like clown pants because the pleats widen the hips and the ankle cuff is very tight compared to the regular hyphen chinos.  3. i hated the mustard color. not flattering to me at all.
I passed this over on first sight because it looked like it might be on the short side in length. after seeing a few other photos and reading the reviews  i opted to give it a go. the store did not have my usual xs or even a size small  so i tried on the medium. it was too wide as expected  but the shoulders are adjustable so i fiddled with it a bit and decided it was really cute. there were no more xs available to order so i asked if the store could order the small. it arrived and is absolutely
Soft  silky  lined in silky natural fabric  hangs great without being weighty. extremely flattering on my xl short body. i'm petite  but for tunic dresses always order regular sizes  so they go just a hint over my knees--exactly what i need. lovely details: sequins and weighted tassels. highly recommend!
I was on the fence about this toposition because  as others have stated  it is quite billowy at the bottom. just before returning i decided to try it on with a navy linen v-neck cardi and it completely changed my mind!! wow! now i am not saying that this isn't beautiful on its own  because.it truly is!! i am just saying that now this has become a truly versatile piece in my wardrobe. i did not order a petite even though i am 5'3"  and for that in am glad! i ordered regular size xs (108 lbs/36b)
This dress' style and color is very flattering. i think i will wear it in the spring and fall as well as the winter.the m fits me and i'm 5'8' and 140 pounds.
The pants are pretty and run true to size  but the fabric is bathing suit like  very thin and sheers in the butt when you squat. i wouldn't recommend for anything but waking.
I saw this top on sale and tried it on right away. my normal medium was too big  so i purchased the small in the rose color. wore it with a shimmery kimono and cream colored pilcro boyfriend jeans. wow  what an outfit!!!!  then i washed it according to directions  and sadly it shrunk into a crop peplum tank. i was so disappointed. i wished i had read the reviews beforehand.
I love the classy design and the little surprise bow in the back. i am 5'2" and about 107lbs  size 0 fit well. i was afraid it might be too short  but on me it is just above the knee. the bow on the back did not hide the bra strap on me  but the fabric is thick overall so that it can be worn without one. the fit is great once on  but it is a little hard to take off  since the zipper is not on the side so there is no relief in the arm/chest area. the color is beautiful  it's true to the pictures.
I love camisoles like this  and retailer always has great ones! it has a nice length  so the lace detail can show underneath a jacket or shorter cardigan. it's fitted  but not tight.
I usually love tops like this  i bought this is the store because if was so soft. got it home and was so disappointed because it is not very flattering at all.would be a great house top though because it is soft enough to sleep in.
Was super excited to try this on  but had to go up 3 sizes from my normal 6 and the waist was still too tight - i was swimming in the top as well. just a very strange cut and unflattering. such a bummer because it's so pretty.
Love  love  love this shirt! much like last year's bordeaux shirt in this style  it's very soft  very flattering  and very comfortable. fits tts  and the fabric is a very soft  stretchy cotton  yet not too clingy around the mid section (it has a nice  flowy fit#. it washes great  doesn't pill #again  the fabric is fantastic)  and holds up really well. i bought the black with white stripes this year  but i'm tempted to get every color. it's great for layering too since the fabric is nice and thin
I really love this this dress  but i agree with the previous reviewer about the belt around the waist-it is a draped piece of fabric that is very figure flattering where it wraps  but one side of the dress has no belt and it shows muffin tops/bulges.i would have loved this if the belt went all the way around. one other point i would like to make is that bra straps are hard to conceal. i bought this dress because of the gorgeous color  but ended up returning it because of the belt and bra strap i
I'll start with what i loved  this dress is made with a really beautiful  quality material. the material is gorgeous in person and the dress is lined which is really nice. however the fit is just so very strange. i am 5'6" and curvy. i tried both a medium and a small (for reference i usually take a medium or large/ size 8 or 10) the medium was so large and too roomy around the arms and chest (i'm 34 d) the small was too tight. the v neck lay in a very strange way and i'm not sure it would have b
These are very pretty  but i have had a few problems with them. out of the package  i found them to be true to size. i think i purchased the pxxs or the pxs. however  even though they are machine washable  i feel that they shrunk upon washing and are now too short (i am barely over 5' tall). also  the elastic waistband keeps twisting within the casing  which drives me crazy. i have to keep straightening it. i think there are better options for sleep pants.
I purchased this on a whim and i'm so glad i did. this is a gorgeous piece. fabric is soft very feminine and stylish. quality is outstanding. it can be worn with a dress or jeans. lovely shades of pink and soft gray. i live in florida  so it's a bit heavy for hotter weather  but will be great on a cool spring day. love it!
Maybe it's my curves or the way i'm only 5'4" but this was a hot mess on me! it is soooo long and cut to low for my 36d chest. it is slim and the cut usually is flattering but somehow this dress was anything but! it is really shiny and the material is heavier than anticipated for warm weather. if you are super tall and skinny with no boobs  go for it! had to send back!
Based on other reviews i had no doubt this dress would be perfect.  it truly is a work of art  however it just wasn't "me" when i tried it on.  i'm sure for others it will be perfect.  my biggest issues were the sheerness of the top portion  which is obvious in the photos.  i was hoping it would be less obvious in person.  also the elbows of the dress were tight  so it was difficult to bend my arms  and i have pretty slender arms.
I get a lot of compliments on this dress  it's bright and cheerful for sure! it runs maybe a bit large but is a great summer dress!
This top looks great with a long straight skirt (the grey with a black skirt....) and skinny jeans. i can understand why the style might not work for everyone but for me it's a perfect blend of elegant and funky. i'm sometimes a medium sometimes a large and the medium work well for me  so if in doubt size down
This picture doesn't do the skirt justice. i paired it with a creme colored cashmere cowlneck sweater and a silver jeweled belt. it is really pretty and flattering on.
The pattern "camouflages" my curvy figure :-) . the fabric is very soft  great for lounging. i wish the fabric offered a little more support though for working out.
Love this top for the fall. looks great with dark skinny jean and booties.
This dress is very comfortable  lovely  and versatile. i know i will wear this often throughout the spring and summer months because of it's elegant ease. i purchased a small and am a 34c and 28 waist; fits perfectly.
Fits well  comfortable and flattering. i wouldn't call this pattern fabric purple though. it is definitely multi colored and purple should not be called the dominate color.. the picture is an accurate representation of the color.
These run very large.  i wear a 25 or 26 in paige jeans  and the 25 in these shorts were way too big.  i fear if i got the 24 they would be a little short.
This sweater coat is very bulky and has an odd and unflattering shape when on.
I really wanted to like this because the color is beautiful and the knit is obviously good quality. but the shape is impossible to work with. it doesn't just run big  it just hangs there. really disappointing. it'll have to go back.
Beautiful color and softness  very warm  but the front is way too much material. it just wasn't flattering the way i wanted it to be. perhaps on a taller woman this would work.
Absolutely wonderful - silky and sexy and comfortable
Love the sleeves - good length and fit. it's a basic tee that has added flare.
I am tall and typically wear a size 10/12  so i thought i could pull this off even if it was large as the other review noted. but the thing about this piece is that it is more of a cover-up than a tunic. it fits like a poncho. with my arms at my sides  it fit me similar to the model picture. but if i lift my arms (to use them)  then it looks like i am wearing a dress that is designed for someone twice as large as me. the reason for that is that it doesn't really have sleeves - it's more like hol
I usually wear xl in tops at retailer  but i picked this one up in a l. it's stretchy and super soft  but doesn't breathe all that well.
I loved this top so much i bought it in both colors. size down because it run very large  but it is nice and flowy. i'm 5'11" and slim and the top hung nicely on me.
Love the style and fit  but it does stretch out during wear. by the end of the day  it feels big.
I purchased this dress in our retailer store. i usually wear either a 0 or 2 petite (5'1"  115 lbs.). i was able to wear a 0r in this and it fit perfectly. i paired it with a sparkly belt from retailer for a cocktail party and received lots of compliments.
Not sure who named this dress  but it isn't a swing dress. it's a beautiful dress out of very soft fabric  with elegant embroidery design and pretty fringe detail. and pockets! i've worn this dress with tennis shoes  leather flip flops  and heels and been complimented each time. love this dress!
I fell in love the first time i saw it. the xs is the perfect fit. i generally wear xs/s or 2 in dresses. its not too snug to wear over a thin to medium thickness sweater. its a good length also  not too long  which i struggle with given my height of 5'3. the s was overall too big. its not itchy  though i've only worn it with long sleeve tops. its just the right weight. not too thin and not too heavy. its feminine and fun. wonderful topper for jeans  pants  or a dress. the color is versatile. sl
I was looking for a shirt of this style. i thought it was very cute  but it is not "red' as advertised. it is really a brick orange-y color  which is definitely not what i wanted. very disappointed. sent it right back.
On the hanger i thought this had a chance  but oh geez... puffy sleeves  itchy  metallic thread  lace... what a mess. and thin. and uncomfortable. no  no  no.
I love this dress  the only issue is i ordered on-line and it came from a store location not the warehouse so it came dirty on the bottom and wrinkled!   once i washed it (yes its washable) it looked fantastic!!!
I love the style of this dress  but unfortunately  it runs very small. i normally wear a size 8. i ordered a 10 and the dress was closer to a size 6. disappointed that i had to return it. also  the seams were poorly done and threads hung out everywhere on the hem.
I ordered this in black in a medium. i've ordered several deletta tops before and the mediums fit great but in this top i think i could have done a small. i don't want to hassle with returning it tho and it should work fine.
Gorgeous!! get these while you can. tts. has a lot of stretch. these are so much fun and will sell out! so happy!
Love this shirt. it's perfect. it's so perfect that i bought two. it is boxy but it has a lovely drape. please note  the heart is navy blue and not so black as shown. it's a thin shirt and i know it won't last a super long time  hence the back up.
I read the reviews before i bought this dress and had trouble believing that the dress literally fell apart at the seams so i bought it. first the good: i love the color  the fabric  and the design. it's very lightweight and loose-fitting and is perfect for hot days. the neck and sleeves are pretty on. i can wear it as a cover up or put on a necklace and sandals for everyday errands and things.  now the bad: it literally falls apart at the seams as you take it out of the package! i"m surprised a
This dress is sort of a mixed-media dress. the top colored portion is a slinky knit that dolan uses all the time. i like it a lot. the bottom  is a tight silky twill-like weave. the silhouette is straight  which is what attracted me to it  but when i put it on  i realized that the waist wasn't going to work for me. the split came at a point too high for me to belt and the sleeves made my wide shoulders look dowdy. i am not a person that wants to put on a dress and have to style the heck out of i
Beautiful medium weight duster; it looks just like on line photos!  my store did not have this duster so i ordered on line. i usually wear a medium top  but sometimes a large.  i'm 5'7"  140 lbs  and i don't like my tops tight.  i ordered this duster in xl because i like room in my cardigans; i could have gone with a large.  i have to roll up the cuffs of the sleeves  but i like to do that anyway.  this sweater duster is soooo soft and warm! so comfy! very stretchy with no closures on the front.
It was way to heavy and big for someone with a petite frame like me.  i really liked the design and thought since it came in petite  i'd try it.  it would probably be better on someone much taller but the material is still too heavy.
This looked more fitted on the model. the xs was still boxy on me  but i loved the eyelet hem so much i kept it!
There is a lot of fabric here! the legs fit me fine  but they are long and when you roll them up it creates a bunching of fabric in an awkward area. i've also found that they don't stay rolled up in the back  especially if you sit down. it's a shame since the fabric is soft and comfortable. maybe sizing down would've helped  but i doubt that would've fixed the problem of the cuffs staying rolled up.
Material is slightly thin- good transitional dress for spring or fall. the waist is not quite as fitted as i would like  but the neck and sleeves are perfect. the length is good  but i am short 5'1" and 105 lbs- xs fit pretty well. a really good purchase- more of a workhorse work dress  and not a wow dress on me  but nice to pair with blazers  jewelry. don't regret the purchase. very comfortable. got compliments when i wore.
This is a lovely dress - however  there is a weird flap of fabric under the bow that doesn't sit right. it feels a little like a bib. if i could get it to sit right  i would keep it. every angle of the dress is lovely except for head on - which is a small problem.
These were a little baggier than expected and the petite size ran long.
I was so disappointed with the quality of this dress  especially because it looks so beautiful on the model. the fabric was so thin that after one hand wash  it's already developing a tiny hole and pilling. also  it is definitely not a "day dress"--i wore it as a swim coverup  but it is much too thin and pajama-like to be worn as an actual dress. the color is much different in person--the blue is brighter and  for lack of a better way to describe it  cheap looking. the white banding around the t
I'm a big retailer buyer- and usually love the dresses  especially the petite xs maxis. this was the worst retailer purchase i have ever made.     it was humongous and gave me no shape. even if i purchased an xxsp it probably would be the same. i'm small but i mean come on- this would only fit a giantess-- which also makes no sense because it's the petite size.     do not buy. i'm very upset i have to pay the $5.95 return fee since i ordered this.
Really wanted to love this top but the proportion was not right for my body type. also the print with the silhouette was a bit too country bumpkin for me.
This was so large on me that it looked awful. huge armholes and a baggy mess. material was nice and i loved the design. not sure a smaller size would even help.
I would have to wear a camisole underneath this  which is odd considering it's still two layered in the front. i wanted an easy white shirt to wear  not something i'd have to layer.
Tried it on a whim and could not leave it behind. 5/4'  135  size 4-6  took a 6. something about the pocket placement  fabric weight  cut  and color make this one a real winner for me. plan to wear it with a creme windowpane coat.
Very high quality dress. there are two layers  (the under navy and over white crochet) which makes this worth the price. however it is very straight  making the dress fit like a bag if you have hips or boobs. tried petite and regular and both were too baggy even in xs.
Very pretty top. however you absolutely need to try it on before ordering. fit well in the chest area but way too big in the sides - i looked pregnant. had to return.
I like this shirt  want to love it. i am keeping this shirt hoping to have better arms by summer when i can where this top with black shorts. this shirt does cling  it's a draping sort of fabric; i love how it drapes in the front. only because i am not happy with my arms do i where a cardi with it. also  the underarm area is rather open so i'll wear a bandeau when i wear this without a cardi.
This is an easy-going weekend piece. it wrinkles a bit easily but it's comfy and swingy. i was a little confused about how to wear the shirt due to the open lace pattern (nude bra or nude cami?) i'm still not sure if it's appropriate to wear without a cami
This dress is so much more stunning in person than in the photos. it's incredibly flattering  and i like how it pans out at the bottom. it also has pockets! although it has a built-in slip  it is a little see-through  so keep that in mind  otherwise  i can't wear it enough.
I had high hopes for this jumpsuit for a holiday party but it is a very odd fit. i'm normally a 10-12  preferably a petite. i ordered this in a large and i couldn't begin to zip it up. it also ran extremely short in the crotch area. very pretty print but it's going back!
This is a beautiful beaded shirt. the quality seems good. i just didn't like the shoulders. they are pleated and puffy. the picture doesn't really show them very well. also the collar is a little floppy. i was hoping it would have an option to stand up but that is not the case. the beading is well done and looks to be stable. i just thought it ran a little large and the shoulders looked puffy. i returned it.
I think this is the first peasant top i've found that doesn't fit like a tent! i did size down to a small  although i'm normally between small and medium. i even found that the shape of this top is quite flattering. maybe the darker embroidery helps. i'm very happy with this purchase.
Love!!!! i got the green and it goes with so much!
Boxy  unflattering  and large.  i'm 5'2'' and a curvy 135 pounds. this top (size s) swallowed me  had no shape  and the material didn't feel great either. i wouldn't even purchase it on sale--there are other graphic tees that are much nicer. i'll be sticking to splendid and sundry.
There is some confusion in the first few reviews over the image  but the dress has a medium green lace and does not have a cut out at the front of the neck. it runs more true to size than some dresses at antrho -- my size is a small 6 petite (meaning that i often end up in a 4) and the six is perfect.     the dress hangs gorgeously and fits fabulously. the zipper is a bit hard to get through the seams and lace  but worth it.    it has a formal feel  but i think it can be made casual with shoes a
I tried this jacket on in store  both m & l. both seemed to pull a little at waist/pocket (notice the raised pleat on the closeup. i ordered xl on line. it fits better but still seems to fit like the other two when fastened. snaps seem to be misplaced. on the plus side  the style is cute and there is brown (taupe) mixed in with the grey which is more flattering to brownettes. there isn't much difference in sizing of all three. i am not sure whether this is a keeper. open  it is fine and casual;
This hoodie is just what i had hoped it would be...it is super soft  comfortably loose  but with the tie bottom hugging the hips and low v-neck - it's just the right amount of sexy. it will be my go-to this fall and winter!
First  the fabric is beautiful and lovely for spring and summer. i really wanted to like this top  but the fitting is so awkward for me. i typically where a 0/xs  and sized up in the shirt to a size 2. it was very tight and pulled funny across the chest (size 32/a). i also found the cut at the shoulders very narrow (need a strapless bra) and made it look unflattering overall. had to return this one back to the store.
I have been needing a rain coat and saw this one on sale  so decided to try it on. i do wish it was more "fitted"  but it is pretty cute. the embroidered detail is nice. too bad the xs petite is sold out. i have no idea if it will hold to the rain though...
I ordered this top because i liked the look in the back  however  the top i received looks nothing like the back. online it shows that the back has elastic & is gathered. also online it shows thin straps (that look like a bra strap) but my top has no thin straps & no elastic~ extremely odd!! i called customer service but the lady i spoke to didn't have any information or complaints about the top. i'm holding on to the top because it is cute from the front  but i was really wanting the back to lo
Beautiful top!  had trouble with the buttons but i just slipped it over my head to avoid trying to get the buttons loose.  it will look great with dark jeans and mules!
This shirt is really pretty but the sleeves are so small. i normally wear between a 4 to a 6 or a size medium and i could not get this shirt on. i wish it fit but a size large would have been way to long and loose.
First of all  this top is brown and light beige. i was expecting more of a dark grey and cream. it also has very noticeable stitching that is a very reddish brown. cute  but a little different from what i imagined. the fabric is a casual linen. regarding the fit  i am 5'6"  123lbs. 27 inch waist  32d. i ordered the 4 and it fit well. as other reviews have mentioned  the straps are long so the top of the shirt hangs fairly low. i did not find this to be flattering. it made my bust look low and my
The button detail on the sides is a unique design detail. i had fun playing with different looks that came with unbuttoning and buttoning the sides. but i decided against purchasing this top  it appeared shapeless on me. i have a curvier/athletic figure  and a straight up and down cut is not flattering on my figure.
I loved the look and feel of this shirt the moment i saw it. it would be so versatile with jeans  skirts  and black slacks. i was contemplating wearing it with a tulle skirt for nye but it wasn't meant to be. usually my issue with these tops is in the bust and strangely that wasn't the case this time. this is great news!! also they made the sides adjustable so wide hips are not a problem either. however i have muscular arms and well cloth and stone are not thinking about that. they make the uppe
This is a really unique jacket. the suede-like darker fabric is so soft and brings great character to the jacket. i love the neutral color and the fit is true to size. the only minor complaint i have is that the band at the bottom of the jacket flares out a little  making it wider and a little odd looking. but i have learned to ignore this because all of the other features are so awesome! would recommend.
I was obsessed with this dress from the moment i saw it online and was so excited to buy it for my company christmas party. i'm 5'4"  36c  145lbs and i ordered a 6. the size was great but the whole cut of the dress was completely off for me. i have a fairly short torso but the top portion of the dress (which is a sweater-like material) hit me far too low on my waist to be flattering; the petite may have fixed it  but then the skirt would've been too short. the pleats were cute but flared out too
This anorak is perfection! perfect weight  color  and the style is super easy to wear. i found this to fit true to size and not oversized at all. i'm 5"3  130lbs  32d with an average build/frame and i took a size small. i can comfortably wear a long sleeved shirt underneath or even a thin sweater. i think xs would have been too tight in the shoulders/bust. it fits perfectly and i love the inner drawstrings that you can pull to give it a little more shape. i got this during the 30% off promo!
I always have to try on tops of retailer. i know this  and yet i ordered a top through the website anyway. i don't think i'll do it again. the drape of the top seen in the pictures did not translate in real life because the top scratched up pretty quickly. ironically  when i washed it (according to directions) it also shrunk quite a bit.
I may regret returning this sweater  because it would be lovely had i been able to wear it as i was when i ordered it. as i am in a wheelchair temporarily  i find the sweater too bulky in a sitting position. if you are slender and are looking for vertical lines that are slimming in a style so fashionable now  this is the sweater for you! the neutral colors and the bulky weave i also love because it goes with everything--a go-to sweater-coat.
When i walked into the store  this tee instantly caught my eye. it's light weight  not too low cut and longer in the back. great with jeans  skirts or shorts.
I'm worried about the quality of the shirt. it looks like it may snag easily. i've decided to keep it  so hopefully i will get some use out of it. in hindsight i would have not bought it when considering the price and quality of the shirt.
Very poorly made- wide and short  very unflattering. the material is advertised as cotton  but it felt very synthetic.
Overall  i thought this was a very pretty blouse. i loved the colors and the design. the construction seemed good. others mentioned that it ran large  but i am tall and often struggle with the shoulders and arms  so i purchase my normal size small. i believe it is the width in my shoulders that caused the blouse to hang funny - you could see a decent amount of the back fabric hanging around the front sides  which looked odd. it made the front fabric look like it was cut at an angle. (i am not br
The detail and design is gorgeous on the tank. my issue however is that the yellow is pretty bright. the website makes it look like a butter yellow but it is actually a lemon yellow. i do not care for that shade and would definitely limit what i paired it with. bummer!
Lovely style. i got the navy color and it's beautiful. i'm glad i ordered a smaller size after reading other reviews. my usual size would have been too big and not as figure flattering. but but but the sweater came pilled all over. i don't know if it had been worn and returned or if it's just the quality of the material but seriously there was pilling on the entire sweater. because the style is so nice and it fits well  i'm going to keep it and de-pill it but was disappointed with retailer :(
Like a baby doll top  with almost an empire waist going on.  feels comfortable and super flowy. i got a size m and i swing between m and l in most brands. the button stitching are a bit loose and will fray after some wears  i can tell. but i'm borderline on taking it back still because there are hidden side pockets! crazy--like it was a fluke or something. would fit a piece of paper or tissues. not keys or phones though.
Lightweight  airy silk. it's not shown in the photos but it has a half slip which is too noticeable through the thin silk. it looks somewhat cheap. the silk doesn't feel smooth to the touch. it has a slight roughness to it. it would have been nicer if they had used thicker  higher quality silk. the waist has a tight  wide  elastic band which after wearing for awhile feels uncomfortable. the color of the skirt is true to the photos. i wanted to love this skirt but i will be returning it.
I ordered this dress in a size 12. i'm 5'9'' and 180lb. i usually wear size 14 but the 12 fit beautifully. the material has a nice stretch to it so that i think it would still fit whether i gained or loss 10 lbs. when i pulled it out of the box i immediately thought it read "grandma"  but was pleasantly surprised when i put it on. it is snug in the waist and flares out nicely from there. it hits me on the knee exactly as it does the model in the picture. i plan on wearing this maybe for christma
This is a very beautiful dress  with the detail of the inside lining  with a very beautiful fabric as well  creating a double layer effect  it creates a great flow. i am not sure i would use it with the belt (which is beautiful  a part of it is crochet)  but if i don't  the dress would be too long. i am a size xl and 5'6"  so if you are shorter than that  i would try it before buying it. since it's getting cold here in colorado  i'll have to wait for next year to really experience going out with
I bought this sweater in the green and loved it so much i ended up ordering the pink also. it looks great with jeans or with a pencil skirt. the silhouette is flattering and the sleeves  though big  don't get in the way while i'm working. i'm a little worried about the looseness of the knit and the amount of lint it shed at first  so i don't know how long it will look and feel new. also  one of the buttons on the pink one was hanging by a thread when i first pulled it out of the package. at this
Beautiful summer top and so versatile! it's definitely worth it.
I love the pattern adn color combo  but  wow t really flatering on me. too much fabric. i felt like i was trying to hide wight gain or pregnancy or wearing a mumu. anyway  not for me  but others might toll wnat to try in case it was just me... too bad.  length was decent in regulat size though  not too long. just too wide.
This is my favorite dress i've bought in the past year! it is super flattering and can be worn for work or casual wear. the fabric is soft and comfortable. can't wait till the weather gets warmer so i can start wearing it regularly!  i'm 5'5 145lbs  37-29-39. i got the medium petite and it fits perfectly!
The quality and fabric of this dress are lovely  but unfortunately i found it to be very unflattering and shapeless. it fit me like a sack  i ordered the m and i suppose i should've sized down  but even in the s i'm afraid this would be far too large. for reference  i am 5'7 and 135 lbs. i have a curvy build so this shape dress just wasn't right on me. i imagine it will look cute on more of a boyish figure. returned.
I was looking for a top to wear out that was chic but not too dressy. this top fit the bill. the sleeves and the embellishments give it a very feminine touch. i paired it with skinny black ankle pants and black heels and received lots of compliments. it is comfortable and easy to wear for a long night out. it does run big so i recommend sizing down. also  the sides are slightly sheer but i wore a black tank underneath without a problem. great top!
I bought these to have a pair between standard fair and sexy  but these are so comfortable and gorgeous i would wear them everyday! it doesn't even feel like i am wearing anything. love these!
I got them in green and the color is very nice. the waist is a little higher than the ag cords  but that only makes them comfortable and holds the tummy in a little good length and the pant holds up nice thru out the day  no sagging yet in the knee and behind area
I like these jeans. when i wore them  i received compliments. they do run large. i sized down one size  but probably could have sized down two sizes. they feel tight when you first put them on  but as you wear them  they loosen up and i find myself pulling them up to meet my waist. my other complaint is a small one. the embroidered flower on the knee rubs against your knee as you move. after awhile  my right knee felt like it had a carpet burn on it. that is why i gave this only 4 stars for desi
I wanted to love it - the color is great  the embroidery pretty  but the stiff scalloped sleeves were just too much. if you have broad shoulders this is not the shirt for you. i think personally it would have been better had the material been softer.
I fell in love with this trench when i first saw it online but ended up returning it once i tried it on. i'm 5'9  140 lbs and the m fit true to size. but the belt hit above my natural waistline and the skirt of the coat was much fuller than i expected  making me look heavier. the material also wrinkles easily and the stitching was poor quality with lots of loose threads. disappointed  as the color and concept were great.
Lovely jeans  love the details in the cuff bottoms. the front of the jeans  the relaxed "boyfriend" part was just too relaxed for me - too much material there that it was unflattering. otherwise cute.
This skirt is absolutely beautiful. the design and organza are so feminine  and i love the length. it flows beautifully and it isn't stiff or anything  but it does hold its shape well. i ordered it through the store  and the wrinkles came out easily after it hung for several days. i think it would be easy to snag the material  so i will be really careful when i'm wearing it. the zipper is a little hard to pull all the way to the top of the skirt  and i worry a little about the hook and eye closu
I ordered  flora nikrooz for my daughter for her wedding.  it is beautiful. the delivery was quick!!! very happy.
I purchased this in the store. i thought it was cute and unique. i like most things with a raw edge. i am 5'3"  115 lbs and purchased an xs. i have worn it a couple of times and have received several compliments. my only complaint is that when i saw the pic online  i was annoyed. the top is much wider than the photo depicts. lying flat it measures 24" side to side at the hem and 24-25" from shoulder to hem. why take photos that misrepresent the item? there will only be more returns. so if you li
I was hesitant to try this on because honestly  it looked so short. however  i just bought this at my retailer store and it is very flattering on! 1st of all  it runs big. my normal size (12) was way too big and i had to go down a size. i could have gone down 2 sizes but the length became problematic. in my regular size (that was too big)  the skirt hit me a few inches above my knee. perfect! in the size smaller  it was a tad higher; wish it was the same longer length as the 12 but still acceptabl
The model must have this sweater pinned at the back. the sweater color is true and the material soft as anything  but the fit is ??!! at 5'9" with a long torso and broad shoulders  the large was still shlumpy. didn't hang right at all  bunches oddly and is not the least bit flattering. my 5'7" uber fit daughter had the same issue  and she usually makes everything that doesn't work for me look amazing. returned.
Ok so this top is as cute in person as it is online. runs very small as theres no stretch or give in fabric. i normally wear 12 and i couldnt even halfway get this on lol. i may consider a 14-16 but the stores didnt have this yet to try on. the ladies at the counter were crushing on this top though! if you can find your fit this top is great for layering!
This bodysuit will be a staple for me this winter. i wear it own its own and under just about everything. i just ordered another one!
I've been looking for a mid-weight  shrug-on cardigan for a while now and i've finally found the one! as a petite (5'4"  130 lbs) lady with big boobs  i hate clingy cardigans with buttons since they are just so unflattering.     luckily this cardigan is warm without being stifling  fitted in the sleeve without being impossible to wear over clothes with different-length sleeves  and perfectly cut to slim even thought it is shrug-y. i especially like the back details  which are even more curve-fla
I'm a tunic lover so i'll usually take a chance on them. i"m 5'4'' and usu a size 8 or medium. i ordered a small instead of a usual medium since other reviewers said it runs small. this hits about mid thigh which is a good tunic length but the overall fit is oversized. it's more like a swimsuit cover up rather than a nice blouse. that's really the best way to sum it up. oversized swimsuit cover-up like top. i'm going to exchange it for an xs but i think even that's too large.
I tried a pair of the hyphen chinos on at retailer and loved them. they are comfortable and a great casual look. i bought two more pairs in different colors on line.
Nice and colorful dress but runs very oversized. material mutes the colors not as vibrant in person.
I ordered this top on line. i wanted to love it  but unfortunately the fit was not for me. i am 5'9 with a long torso. this top was cut very wide and looks like a maternity top.
I love these jeans . i have a few pairs of citizen jeans and like the way they fit . these are a slim boyfriend jean - not too baggy - very flattering with any top - loose or tight fitting . wish retailer carried the white .
I really wanted to love this top  but there is way too much fabric. it looks nothing like the pictures. it was more like a maternity top vs. a swingy top. i'll be returning this one.
I really wanted to keep this dress  and the material is amazing  so soft and gentle and delicate  the design is great  the front looks nice  but from back looks really awkward  big and kind of too loose!
This is my second pair of these because they fit and fell so good. pricey  but worth it.
I love the lace up design and bought the red xsp  fabric is a bit thin and mediocre quality  but over all happy with purchase. wish this top came in navy and white as well. even a navy/white stripe would be a fun option too. thanks you for offering this top in a petite size. :)
I typically wear a 26 in jeans and in these i got the 25 and they fit perfectly. i ordered the 25 because i wanted a more fitted look and that was what i got. they are well made  a nice dark wash and with the size 25 a more straight fit and not boyfriend fit. i'm only 5'3" so they come a little past my ankle when unrolled. i've worn them two days in a row and they haven't stretched out...highly recommend.
I love the length of this and that i can wear it with skinny jeans or leggings  but it does seem to run a little small and it is not as long as on the model. i do think it is a cute addition to my wardrobe though.
I bought this shirt in 3 colors. soft  comfortable fabric  as other reviewers have mentioned  and nice detailed sleeve. i am gravely disappointed in the fabric quality since after wearing this one time with a necklace (as shown in the picture) it developed tiny pulls. i should mention that it was a very plain necklace  nothing sharp  pointy etc. i will most likely return all 3 shirts.
I've been looking for a staple long-sleeve tee for a while now  and i think i've found it! i bought this tee in my usual retailer size of medium and the fit is perfect. the material is soft  the cut highlights an hourglass figure without clinging in the wrong places. the sleeves are long enough  which can sometimes be a problem for me. the length is perfect to wear with leggings without being too long. i'll be back for more colors!
Given that i am petite with thighs (take a size 6p or 28p) these were not for me! the run small  are really tight from the thigh up  run longer that a petite should and are fairly thin. on top of that the zipper and hook in the back are really inconvenient. i was looking for something i could wear to work  and these were not the right style for that. plus they seemed cheaply made  like they wouldn't stand the test of time. i imagine if you are tall and skinny like the model  they would look good
Loved how this draped and im super petite 5'1"(32b bust) and this was seriously one of the most ill fitting items i have every owned. i purchased the pxs and it was huge. i hope this has a better fit as the other reviewers seem to have a more positive review. i was just appalled as to how bad the measurements were off. unfortunately the straps are not adjustable so this went below my chest. too sad retailer  please get the fit right!!
I also expected this sweater to have more bulk to it per the images. it is very thin as others have said. the design is awkward with the sleeve placement and that makes it more flowy vs. structured. it is more similar to a cape or shawl design. if you;'re looking for a warm cozy blanket sweater design  this is not it. i will keep it though as a layering piece and because of the sale price and classic color design.
I wanted this romper so bad  after buying (and loving) a shirt from madewell made with the same fabric earlier this year. i wish this romper was just a little bit longer and roomier. i normally wear a size 10 or 12 and bought the large. it fit me ok but i felt like i wanted it to be just a little bit more oversized around my hips and definitely wanted it to be longer in the legs. (retailer please stop with the capri lengths! it's tired!!) if you are narrow-hipped you will fare much better. the fab
Tts - bought my usual pilcro size. enjoy the fit of these better than the serif style.
Casual comfort with style! fabric is a dream to wear and it flows nicely. not exactly form-fitting  but still flattering. i'm 5'9  140  and wore the medium.
I saw this dress worn on the street and thought it was lovely  the perfect work dress. i then found it in the store and my size was already sold out  so i visited another retailer  and another to find it. unfortunately the color blocking on the chest was not very flattering for me  it seemed to overly accentuate it. i am 5'9" a 36 dd size 12. the colors  the fabric are all wonderful. but this dress is not for me.
Only one sleeve is folded twice and sewed. meh.
Fun outerwear for the fall. the color is a bit more grey than the photo shows (at least on my screen)  but i still think it'll go with a lot.
Runs shorter than i expected.  i purchased on line but will be returning it for a larger size.
I'm very happy with the interesting print and unusual bib design of this comfortable dress. the bib embroidery is off in some areas. i find that the swath of beige to be too much since it almost matches my skin tone. to break it up  i took the unnecessary waist tie and used it as a bodice trim  creatively knotting  tucking and securing with mini safety pins. i purchased the m petite and though it has a zipper back  i did not have to unzip to put this on or take it off. i have a heavily padded up
I was waiting for this top to go on sale because its one of those tops that you can probably only find the right weather to wear it once a year. so i was so happy i could order this ahead of time and pick it up in the store the same day!
I wanted to love this sweater but the fit is off slightly. i ordered my regular size xs and the chest/shoulder area fits nice but the waist comes very tight and not flattering to wear unless style similar to the model with a tucked in look. nice color and decent quality fabric but not my favorite fit. going back to the store.
This is a great dress; good quality fabric. the pattern & color are spot on. the silhouette is divine & would work on many body types. i also love the length!
Definitely cute and good fit but the distressing at knee is open and will probably get worse  worth it if price lower... maybe
Beautiful but big. i exchanged my 0 for a 00  and  oddly enough  there was no difference! had a similar experience with another 00 blouse. am i crazy  or is the 00 size just a sham?
I looked forward to this dress.  it's a lovely design.  it's a heavy material that doesn't have the most flattering fit.  the green lace has snags along the hemlines which is a disappointment.  i'm returning the dress.
I was so excited to order this dress  had the perfect red shoes to go with it. unfortunately i could have been nine months pregnant and still wear the small. i am 5'4/118lb and it was like a maternity dress. sad to send it back.
I got this top in an xs and the fit is great. the top is a little darker than pictured. it looks great with white  kaki and denim.
I bought these in my usual size 28 and they were much too loose so i returned them. i definitely need a 27 (39 inch hips  33 low waist  31 waist). i have lost a few pounds but i am usually a size 4-6 in pants. even loose i can see the pants are flattering and long enough for my leggy 5' 9" frame. they are still cropped but i would say look much the same as on the model. if you are shorter  i think the petite option would be necessary to achieve a cropped look. the material is not bright white wi
I am a proportionate 5'4" 39 year old and thought this dress would look great. it's a-line and looks a lot like the kind of dresses that usually fit me nicely. i bought it in an 8p  which is my normal size. the hips were a little too big  but not bad. the top part  however  was enormous. the cut in the shoulders/neckline was way too wide  the lace sleeves were way too big  there was too much room in the bust (my c cup was inadequate)  etc. this dress would look nice on someone who is thicker/vol
I was excited to see this top in person  but once i got a close up look at it (and also tried it on) i was disappointed. first  the color is much more persimmon orangey in person and that's a hard color to pull off for a lot of people. it just pulls any pink or red in your skin and highlights it.     second  the top was poorly finished. i had to pick up two to try on because the lace was wonky across the front of the first one i grabbed. so much so that the lace was puckered because it had been
I am normally a m-l (170 lbs  5'4"  34dd). i ordered this top in a medium knowing it ran big  and it is huge. seriously  i could wear it as a dress. i like the whole loose and comfy top thing  but this is so massive it looks sloppy. i'm going try and return it for a small. hey  i like that i can wear a small! the green color really is pretty  and it's so soft. just need a much smaller size.
This is not only comfortable but incredibly flattering. being 6'0" it's also long enough for me.
Oh this skirt is gorgeous but i feel it runs small in the waist!! i'm sending it back and ordered up- i'm happy i did as today it's sold out. beautiful and vibrant colors  very well made- just wish some of the retailer sizes wouldn't run on the smaller side!!!
I can't figure out if this skirt is supposed to be high-waisted (if so  it's too big but the length works)  or if it's supposed to sit on my hips (fits well but too long). but the material is really comfortable  and the design is different in a good way.
Beautiful. elegant. sexy. i love the fit. can be dressed up or wear with jeans. it's great!
I received this in the mail and it looked beautiful but the zipper was broken just like one of the other reviews. normally i would just exchange but i don't know if it's worth getting another broken one.
Beautiful skirt but runs small. not for eveyone- this is for those with flat stomachs. i had to size up from a 6 to an 8 for my stomach to not stick out in this skirt and then it looked to wide on the bottom and lost the slick pencil look. if you are fit and firm this is a gorgeous skirt. it is lined and fabric somewhat heavy.
This top is so pretty! i love the lace details and the embroidery which really makes this top something special. it's true that it is on the shorter side but that seems to be an intentional aspect of the style. i didn't find it to be too short sitting well below my waist line (i'm 5'10"). i usually wear a medium in retailer clothes and this top is no exception it fit perfectly! i know this will be one piece i wear quite often!
I have other pairs of stevie jeans and looked forward to receiving these.i would say that they run about a size large compared to my other pairs. i am 5'2" and ordered a petite  but i found the length to be about 2-3 inches too long. as compared to how they look on the model. also  the rise is relatively low. otherwise  the quality is great  and the denim is very soft. i will probably return these given that i am not wowed.
In agreement with all the reviewers before me  this dress is gorgeous! i am 5'4" 120lbs 34a and got this is in a size 0 and it fits perfectly but i would be in a little bit of trouble if i were significantly larger up top  so if you are  definitely size up. the material is thick  structured and very well made. every time i wear this out i get a ton of compliments! one of my favorite parts about it is the intricate embroidery on the neck-line that gives the illusion that you are wearing a necklac
I know i'm going to get a lot of wear out of this t-shirt this summer. i have it in white  and it's not too see through  which is what i always worry about when i wear white shirts. it's basic but then it has lace on the shoulders that adds something extra. i love its drape--it's not too form fitting. on me (i'm 5'2)  it tends to be a bit long  but i like it. the shirt being cotton means that it's super soft. as far as washing goes  best practice is to machine wash and hang to dry--i'm afraid of
This shirt is very flattering and drapes beautifully. i am 5'7 175 and the medium fits perfectly. i bought in navy but am disappointed in the other options - i would have bought all of them had they been nice colors but the yellow and orange are really garish and unflattering on any skin tone and the white way too see-through which ruins the visual lines of the top. bummer! but i wear the navy every day so give that a thumbs-up.
I tried this on in the store and the colors and fabric are terrific. it's very light-weight fabric but isn't see-through. the colors are medium in depth  not too bright. if you typically wear "cool" colors and avoid browns  you may be able to wear this because the brown is very muted. there's two strings inside that you tie around your waist to pull the bust of the dress in. i'm 5'4" and 125 lbs  so there's simply too much fabric in the dress. i would have bought a petite. the tag says it's avai
When these shorts arrived i loved them and was so excited to wear them on my upcoming trip to the beach. the high rise waist is very flattering and the material was extremely soft. the floral detailing was a little more orange than in the picture but i still loved the contrast. the first time i wore these i immediately noticed threads coming loose throughout the day. it was minor but still concerning for an item that was so costly. the real problem arose in the evening when i put on a jacket on
I have blazers in size 8 from this designer and they fit with room to spare. i understand this is a more fitted style  but it is still way too small. size 10 and size 12 were not much bigger. great colors and cute design  but just too small even if you do not plan on buttoning it. i hope they bring back this jacket but make it true to size.
I got the blue. it is very short. one side of the shirt i received was shorter that the other. the material feels cheap and pleats out a bit right over the bust - only flattering on small busted models.
This cute dress has a built in slip  so no need for a slip . i think it has a flattering fit and the colors are pretty!  i feel like i could wear this dress to a shower  out to dinner  or just for a fun look to shop on a nice day!
The fabric and cut of this blouse are beautiful  but the v was so deep i could never wear it without a cami and i think that would ruin the look. i have a large chest  but the similarly cut blouse (without the textured fabric - from the same designer) fit me fine. this one is just cut differently. i even tried sizing up and down - to no avail. the photo on the model seems misleading because i don't see how the neck would lay flat or stay that high on anyone - even with a smaller chest. i was so
I was expecting a tee shirt  but the material is more of light sweater knit. in the end it wasn't the fabric that was the deal breaker...it was the fit. in my regular size it is too wide and boxy through the body. i also felt like the arms are too big as well. it's going back and i am not going to bother ordering it in a smaller size. it's a shame because the embroidery really is lovely.
These pants are lovely and comfortable  but they are entirely too delicate. i wore them once and nearly any time something touched them  they snagged. i was worried about it when i saw the fabric  and thought i'd give it a try  but i didn't think it would be this bad. for the price  i expect better quality. also  they run a little large- unless i pull the waist down low  it gaps in the back and these look better worn a little bit higher  closer to the natural waist. i'm usually a 4/6  28/29 in b
I had high hopes for these as coh is my favorite brand of denim  and these crops were made specifically for petites. also  i was happy to see they were described as a straight jean  not a skinny. the fit and sizing seems to be a little off. i ordered my regular size in this brand  27p  but they were too big. sized down to a 26p. they were still too large in the waist (seemed very stretchy) but fit well in the legs. i like the fact that these crops were made for petites so the length was perfect 
Boxy  short & wide! luv this brand but super disappointed with this design...
I had tried this on in the beige & loved it but could not find it in my size so i got it in the pink.  did not look at good as the beige.
Looks great in the picture but when i got this in the mail the fabric was so stiff! shaking it out did nothing-almost like it was dipped in drying glue. i got this for $10 which is so cheap and i still returned it!
It's funny because i coveted this top online for weeks  but looking at the reviews i kept thinking that it would look ridiculous on me. i am very busty and do not like things to cling or be too tight. however when i went into the store today i tried on both the cream and the black in larges  and both fit beautifully. i decided to go with the black just because i thought that i would get more use out of it. i find that it fits well  though perhaps the sleeves because of the elastic are a tad bit
I've always been a pilcro fan and they always seem to fit just right. this pair of velvety pants was no different. lightweight velvet and a great cut. yay!
I loved the fact that this dress is cotton. it is a thin cotton  and you can see in the photos that she is wearing a black slip with a thicker strap. mine came with a nude slip. i'm thinking they all come with a nude slip. i'm not sure why they showed the dress with the black thick strap slip unless it was to show the dress as a thicker cotton than what it actually is. the dress is adorable though which makes it hard for me to decide whether to keep it and hope mine won't tear easily or to retur
Disappointment city with this one and i am so lucky i had a coupon because if i would have paid the full $128 they are asking  i would be a tad skewed. not just thin material but thin and cheap feeling. doesn't itch but i seriously expected a lot more from retailer. i have noted the name of the designer and have promised myself to never buy this label again. big loser.
I read prior reviews and decided to go forward with my purchase. i am so pleased that i did. the m fit nicely. the fabric is not as soft as i had wished. however  i think with wear it will become broken in.
This is such a great casual fall sweater. it's so comfortable  has a bit of design too it  and it goes with everything! i bought it in the grey and love it! fits a bit big
Beautiful top but the angles emphasized my widest fluffy bits in an unattractive way. i ordered size large. the material  fabric and lace are pretty and well done. my arms looked huge too. and the piece under the arm hit below my bra and it was clearly visible by a couple inches. i carry my weight in my mid section and am short waisted. think this would look best on taller  thinner bods.
I love this skirt! i know others have thought it frumpy  maybe it's because i'm so long waisted but this skirt is perfect for me! not too long not too short but just right! the fabric print is beautiful a mix of muted and bright colors. the fabric quality is nice but nothing overly outstanding. still i'm glad i ordered it before it was gone!
These run tiny. i wear a 25/26 in pants and took a medium in this bottom and i'm still not completely comfortable with the fit. love the floral print  but with a bottom this small you don't really see much of the flowers so on mine at least it's just some splashes of different dark colors.
This white shirt is a perfect canvas. i can dress it up with a scarf for work or wear it with my favorite jeans. it's perfect for all body shapes with the a-line. i love how comfortable this shirt feels. i like wearing this shirt with my black knit pants  and my retailers braided collar vest.
I am normally a size 4/6p in all things retailer but read the reviews and opted to go petite on the maxi and size up. i went with the 8p and even with a 32d bust  had no trouble zipping and it fit beautifully. the band is a tad loose  but any tighter wouldn't have fit in the bust. this dress hangs beautifully and is incredibly flattering  especially for those of us with an athletic build.
I don't know who this would fit. looks so cute on the model and i thought this was going to be the perfect between season dress . . . but just looked like a sack! i think the "knit" must have stretched into an unnatural shape - especially the arms!
I purchased the teal/blue and the color is striking. though i put true to size the decorative top is slightly tight around the bust. and the bottom too is fitted and not flowy. for a looser fit you may want to size up. for a more fitted look it is true to size.
This top has a bit of a retro flare but so adorable on. looks really cute with a pair of faded boot cut jeans.
The shirt was cute. i'm very petite and it ran very wide so didn't fit me well.
This is such a beautiful dress.  but have to return for the reasons others have noted.  the chest does not fit well.
This is a cute blouse. i get lots of compliments. i bought the natural color. super flattering. i bought my normal size in most retailer stuff and had to return for bigger. the chest area is a bit snug. had to send back for a larger size.
I was so excited to get this top... and while it is soooo amazingly soft  i still could not keep it. i must admit that i am only 5'2"  so i do think this had quite a bit to do with my dislike of this... but i felt like a matador  which is definitely not what i was going for... maybe if your tall and lean  this would work.  but for me  no way.
This top arrived by mail this morning  it is beautiful even prettier than the picture. fits true to size and is wonderful quality. cannot wait to wear it when i leave on vacation this weekend.
Will be cute in the summer months and with a pair of sweater tights will work for holiday parties. doesn't seem to come in a petite which is a bummer so i sized down. .
I wasn't sure the shorter length in the back was working until i tried it on. this jacket totally worked for me. the brown color can be easily matched with other colors. i got the jacket in medium size. i usually in between size. the medium size allow more space on the chest area  however the sleeve becomes a bit too long for me.
I don't normally try on tops like this but i liked the product shot so much that i wanted to repeat the outfit. i grabbed a large because it wasa shorter blouse. it was huge. i sized down to the medium and it was still loose but if i were to purchase  it would be that size. the red against the blue was very pretty but i didn't know if felt like a little kid in a uniform. the back did not lie flat  not sure if it was because of my 36d chest or because of the shirt design. it is well made and i th
Snapped this sweet puppy up at my local retailer-in the sale room!!!!! it is beyond fabulous and the coral color is divine!!!! brightens up the drearriest of days-i did size down. i am short and the small sleeves were way too long on my 5ft3in frame. it runs a bit large but if you were to wear a heavier something under it i could see getting your "normal" size. the quality is great and the style is just lovely. great jacket-love love love
I love this shirt! the colors are more muted in the photos  so i was a little surprised to see how bright some of the colors were. still super cute! also has a looser fit--i'm a small across brands (5'7"  130  straight/slender build)  so if you prefer a more true or tighter fit  size down. either way  get this!!!!
I ordered the blue stripe and white in size large. i didn't like it worn off shoulder but it does stay in place  which is a good thing. and it looks okay worn on the shoulders. i find the fabric so uncomfortable and itchy that i couldn't wait to take it off  immediately. i tried them on again a second time  still hopeful  with the same outcome. sadly  returning.
I love  love these wide leg pants! the embroidery detail give them a little something extra special. they are comfortable  and perfect. the length is great for wedges  and the fold over waist does not add bulk. the only downside  and this is probably due to my figure  but the pockets do need to be sewn shut so that they will lie flat.
I received the moss skirt today. the material felt very soft and like good quality. i'm 5'4'  125 lbs and had ordered size 4 regular. unfortunately the skirt was huge and also very long  below the knees. the cut was not flattering for me as the material stuck out very wide on the sides. possibly a smaller size and petite would help but are sold out already in moss. plus i'm not sure the sticking out would be fixed  that might be the cut of the skirt. it didn't work for me and i will be returning
I love the idea but it is more of a over sweater than to wear by itself like model... too big/baggy
Love this top. so soft and it fits true to size. i am a 36b and always wear a large. i am a size 12 in most tops and dresses. this top is flowy and comfortable.love the purple color. wish there was a large in blue left so i could order that too. love it!
Love the detail and the way it hangs. i sometimes struggle with blousy tops because i have a larger chest  but this one didn't make me look pregnant! i purchased this with the 30% off... i wouldn't have paid full price for it.
This is a well-made top and looks very pretty in the pictures  but in person it has a little more of a gauzy look to it. it is a great summer shirt as it is light and airy  but unfortunately it didn't work for me. i wear a 34c and that often results in shirts look more like tents or maternity wear than anything else. so  perhaps this works better for the smaller chested. additionally  and this wasn't so much of a con and just something to note  the fabric is pretty see-through. it works for the
The photo does a disservice to this beautiful sweater it is truly special with a lace scallop pattern down the front and across to the back. it is absolutely beautiful!! the sweater is lightweight  perfect for a cool day or in an office on a cold day.. i snapped up the grey and may purchase the green if it goes on sale.(unless they can show this sweater off better i am certain it will.) i am usually right between a small and a medium and needed the medium in this sweater. the small was bit tight
This dress was a gamble for a nautical them wedding next year. could not be happier. fabric was surprisingly stretchy which made it move like butter. the dress was stunning on and very comfortable which cannot be said for many gowns. i am so glad i took the gamble.
The fit of these jeans are so great! they look syllish and feel great at the same time. this brand does a fabulous job of creating a jean that feels like you can wear them dressed up and casual. a+
The tee is adorable in the floral print. the fit is true to size  as it is a casual tee rather than overly fitted. the cuffed sleeves are a nice detail. i would have bought this at full price  but it is quite see through in the white/yellow floral. i could easily see my nude colored bra and even my belly button it was so sheer. having to wear a tank underneath this completely defeats the purpose of a cute  casual tee you can just throw on. i was so disappointed that it was so sheer. i think the
The top is gorgeous and bohemian like with a loose fit. the top arrived with a small black stain and some of the lace already ripped. it might be too delicate for me to even exchange for another and wear. i am going to have to return it.
Adorable top  but i have to agree with what two other reviewers said... that is is boxy and unflattering. i have a similar patterned top  also by maeve  but the sizing on that runs small  medium  large. the s petite that i have doesn't fit quite the same as the 4 petite in this blouse. this is definitely more "square" in the torso  and the ruffles do stick out more - very flouncy. it just made me look frumpy instead of the sexy date night look i was going for. i am 5' and 120 lbs. also  i didn't
These pants are attractive but their material is stiff and feels like canvas. i like them  but am not sure that i "love" them. perhaps they will get softer with wear  but only time will tell.
I love a good peplum top  and was so excited when it arrived  but was sad to find the flare on the peplum was a little too much. i'm not sure why it was so unflattering  because in every other way  it fit like a dream  but it seemed like either there was too much or too little fabric around the waist to have it hang properly. it had to go back.
Love the way this feels ? epic and flowy and flattering ? and features my shoulders and de-emphasizes shape and size from waist down. waited for it to go on sale and it paid off. i'm wearing it to a wedding this weekend. i can't wait to show it off! highly recommended.
I only gave this three stars due more to personal preference than to any real flaws with the product. it is very comfortable and for a jersey-style shirt quite warm. but that is one of my issues with the shirt. i wanted to wear it well into spring and i think it'll be just too warm. (i live in the northeast) i also felt that while it fit tts it had a more generous fit than what i expected  which was another negative for me. i wanted it to be more fitted to my body. however  i did keep it because
I tried this on in the store. i'm usually a 6 in tops but it was tight across the chest. i sized up to an 8 and it was still tight. i would have considered the 10 but with the 8 there was too much fabric on the bottom. overall design and material were good but the sizing was off.
Love the crushed velvet and tried it on in the regular sizing in blue  but really needed the petite. although i tried on the xs in the regular sizing  i was afraid i'd need my normal sp  so i ordered that instead of the xsp. should have stuck with the xsp and will be exchanging it for that size. it definitely is dress length (but dowdy dress length in the regular for me at 5'1") and the petite sizing is not all that much shorter  but enough to be cute. expecting a lot of use  especially over the
I liked this top (in black)  but it didn't fit me well. had to return.
Nicely made  pretty details  but it's cropped fairly short and is rather boxy. wore with orange linen pants and it was cute!
Really liked this dress  but it ran too big for me.
And this one proved to be no different. the short end of it; this dress is pretty much super thick  heavy linen with a rope like collar (the supposed embroidery you see)  and there is no lining  but completely unnecessary pockets. i'm typically a 2 or 4 depending on the designer (5'7 & a super fit 135 lbs) and knew enough to order an xs in this  however it still fit like a potato sack. even upon taking it out of the plastic bag  i knew it was going back. between the unrealistic pictures and lack
I ordered this on line. pretty  but ran large so returning. i am 5'10" and 140lbs.  not large chested  and the m was too loose and looked frumpy. the sweater is a very soft  loose  knit that requires a cami underneath as it is slightly sheer. it was not quite as soft as expected for cashmere but good value at sale price.
This blouse has a nice casual feel with feminine lines and the swingy design is flattering.
This a heavy cotton which is great for fall. design is cute and pockets are interesting. the fit is boxy and can look bulky. i only recommend if it's on sale.
These are amazing! wide slits on out seam show off your cute shoes! runs large! i'm 5'7"  140  size 6  hourglass. small was quite loose at waist. xs fits my actual waist and makes length right for flatter shoe <3" heel. or small petite sits on my hips and makes length right for flatter shoe. both fit. there is ease through entire pant leg. beyond comfortable! doesn't wrinkle. looks great with the roll-neck sweater in ivory and a silver wedge shoe!
I adore maeve tops  and this is no exception. i'm small on top (32a)  ordered my usual maeve size 0. i'm 5'3  105 lbs  ordered regular (not petite) because the front of this blouse is already short. fits appropriarely  but take note it is much more blousy than it appears in the photo. you have to try it on  either you'll love it or hate it. i do love it's slightly oversized blousy fit  so i was not hesitant to put it in the dryer on low for about 15-20 minutes. well... it shrunk up like nothing
These are some of the few pants that are semi loose with a wide waist band that make me look thinner! i love them. they are soft! they match everything. they make an outfit effortlessly chic. i took a size m and it fit tts.
Love retailer's kimonos and when i saw this pattern i had to have it! unfortunately  when i bought it the tag was already showing holes so they gave me 15% off... went to wear it for the first time  there was already a huge snag in it! i love retailer but for 98$ this is not worth your money.
This blouse has a very cute style. the ruffles are really nice but why does it have to be so sheer? there is no way i could wear this to work without a cami. it also felt slightly on the small size - almost too tight for my normal size.
I love the look of this dress and the material - the problem is that when i tried it on the fit was a bit off. it seems that the arm holes hung down way too much and pulled the dress so it is uncomfortable to wear. i don't think i could have gone down or up a size to make this dress work. it is a shame because i really liked the look of it.
Loved the style  ordered my normal m- fit tts though i thought i would potentially taper the sides to make less boxy (with a larger bust and shoulders  boxiness is unflattering). the slight boxiness looked perfect with stretchy  fitted business slacks. midday  i held my ipad up to my chest and the velcro from the cover pulled an entire lychnis delicate threads. not just snagged- i had to gently separate the threads from velcro grip. needless to say  it pulled the threads out by at least 1/2 an i
I am not a fray fan but this dress has a modern vintage look  and it looks tailored. check out the ruffle sleeves  surprising detail. size regular small falls right above my knees  perfect at the chest (i'm 5'2"  34b  26 waist  36 hips)  but the sleeves are 2 inches pass my wrist. the ruffle sleeves are too pretty to be rolled up  so i got the petite s  sleeves at perfect length  torso fits better but length is an inch shorter (thank you  cloth and stone for finally making petite sizes).
As soon as i saw this dress  i absolutely fell in love with it. when i got it  i noticed it was slightly small  but figured i could deal with it. i was packing for my vacation and tried it on again just last night and i noticed the bow is coming off the back. i could fix it  but honestly a dress shouldn't start falling apart before you even wear it. it's cut on the small side. wish i tried the larger one  but now it's sold out. and i was kind of disappointed there were no pockets as pictured. i
These leggings were way longer and darker then appeared on model.   they also were see through or beige color when stretched across hip.  especially for the high cost  there are much better althleisure leggings on the market.
I was worried the green might be on the shiny side  but it's not. it's a really nice color for fall and the stitching is gorgeous. like in other tiny tops  this top runs small  so order up a size. in most of retailer tops  i'm a small or medium  but in this  i take a large --- a perfect fit. i'm a 36c. is a little on the pricey side  but got on sale  so all smiles here.
I got the orange motif skirt in s. i'm 5'3" and 130 so it fits snugly but doesn't need hemming  which is great when you're petite. i love the design and that it has pockets  but it's a very full skirt and seems to visually add a couple of pounds to your middle if you have a shirt untucked over it. but it's beautiful worn with a tighter shirt tucked in. the color is more red than orange to me as well which is a plus!
I love this t-shirt  i wish it came in tons of other prints! very soft  almost feels lived in  and high quality all the same.
I love the cut of this dress! i have to be honest and say that i initially bought the blue color at the store and after falling in love i decided that i deserved to have the mango colored one as well after seeing my sister in it! the sizing is just a tab big but it works for the design. so i would say stick with your usual size. amazing pop of color especially for summer. the back design is gorgeous and the gold streaks running through it  are wonderful. do yourselves a favor and just try it on!
This top fit nicely and was tts  but the pattern was different than i expected. i thought it would be more of a desert scene and it turns out there are cowboys on it and it just didn't fit my style. if there were cowgirls on it i would have kept it.
I bought the extra small and although i love the style and unique color combo  it's pretty large in the collar area and without the right blouse/shirt underneath it makes my neck look really skinny. the rest of the coat is true to size  longer and straight. the design just doesn't have the right balance for me so i'm sending it back.
I love this top  it's long enough to to wear with leggings and the ribbon in the back really dresses it up. the only negative is that the material pulls easy and only on the space dye color  not the solids but i still love it! for reference i ordered xs and it fits perfectly i am 5'2 125lbs
The fabric is very comfortable and soft.  love it - great fit.(tts)  would recommend
When i tried it on it looked like a stiff bathrobe. straight  too boxy.
I found this dress to run very large. the fabric was substantial but rather coarse. also  the lighter color in the pattern is lavender and not white or cream.
I purchased these pants on 12/2/15 as a more fashionable alternative to yoga pants while traveling southeast asia starting february. after about 10-15 wears (with little washing in between as i was backpacker style traveling) the pants wore through in between my legs. the fabric first started to develop little fuzz balls everywhere and then literally disintegrated in places. i tried to sew them to continue wearing them while traveling but alas the fabric had become so thin that the thread could
Really wanted to love this  especially with the lacing and long length for this off-the-shoulder top. when the top arrived  the lacing was stiff and length of the straps were long so that the bottom of the lace didn't completely cover my black strapless bra (and i felt it sat a bit too low down my chest). thought about taking in the straps but then the area around the armpits would be uncomfortable. i did love the length of the top though. wish this top was a keeper  but going to have to return.
I love the style and look oft this blouse but the fit is a bit off for me. i'm usually either a l or xl. i don't think it came in an xl so i decided to give the l a shot. i would say it runs roomy except through the arms. i found the arms to run strangely tight...and it's not an area i usually have a problem with. the body skimmed nicely over my trouble spots (middle). i found the neckline very flattering and it laid nicely over by dd bust. the v is deep but you don't feel overexposed.     the b
Love everything about these pants. a little sheer  but super beautiful and comfortable.
While i do love this sweater  it did not fit me as is pictured. the wrap does not lay as smooth and i had to adjust frequently when transitioning from a sitting to standing position. nice weight.
This is a great fun dress! it's very unique and well built. my only complaint is that the colors are not the same in the photo. the real colors are black on top and a bright red with shiny torquoise thread running through it. it's still gorgeous!
I think the model photo doesn't do this dress justice. it's comfortable and perfect for a summery day. i wear it to work with a light grey cardigan  and of course it works well causally. i'm busty --d on a small frame -- but there's not gapping. the colors are pretty with blues and pinks without being childish.
I love these pants. i have them in navy and carbon. the navy color seems to run bigger than the carbon. they are very loose like a boyfriend pant in navy. they loosen up as the day goes on as well. super comfy and great for running errands and taking my little one to the park. i can look cute and feel comfy and i can give my yoga pants a break.
It's okay for a coverup or beach dress and lounging around the house. it's comfy and i like the detail of the back. the front is very plain but okay. it's not too baggy and it's a straight cut. the detail in the back makes it a keeper for me but only as a casual dress too chill at home or quick errands to grocery store.
Poor quality. i expected much more from the material.
The first time i wore this tank it started pilling around the arms and down the sides. it is terribly quality  and gets worse with every wear and wash. possibly the worst wear on a new clothing item i've ever seen. like the design and fit  immediately relegated it to a weekend/home shirt because it was unprofessionally pilly and the pills are small so can't be shaved off.
I was really looking forward to these tees working  after reading the reviews. unfortunately  they had slits on the sides that came up higher than i was comfortable showing my sides just above my jeans. trying to keep it age appropriate.
Gorgeous fun dress  but the cut in the armholes (6 petite) is really low. so low even a strapless bra peeks above it. there are also lining issues (could have been with just my one choice) where the lining is not stitched well around the armholes so it shows too much. back is stunning. i would say that if you can go bra less this could be so awesome. it didn't work for my body because i have to wear a bra  but i think its a winner for someone.
I have not worn yet but excited to try it out soon with jeans and boots. comfy but has a nice sweater look...not too casual. sleeves are very long but don't think i want to downsize.
Dress looks awesome when your arms are down like the model. but don't you dare lift your arms. i'm kinda tall and the dress barely covers my bum when arms are raised. keeping the dress but will have to keep my arms down ;) maybe?
Bought this dress online and it came in missing a button. the dress is really pretty  and comes with a tan linen slip. i bought a size down because the dress runs a little large. also the sleeves are kind of puffy but overall the dress is elegant and pretty.
I wanted to like this so much. it's a great good girl dress  church dress. however  it makes no sense. it's a summer dress with massively thick lining that snags i'm petite and busty and it made me look and feel very wide.
The pink version of this top finally arrived -- nearly 2 months after ordering.  the expected delivery date kept slipping.  the color is not as shown online.  online it looks like a light pink.  the actual top was more of taupe color.  it's a basic tee with pretty ruffling at the bottom.  not enough to keep.
Cute and comfortable. paired with tights and boots for work  will also look cute with flats or sandals in the spring. the fabric is a nice weigh  not too flimsy. might be a bit short on a taller gal.
I purchased the medium in this sweater as that was all that was left. but it fit like a large if not an xlarge! it's a beautifully made sweater and really soft. i now think i know why it suddenly becomes available again here and there. it's not the kind of sweater you want to wear over sized because as beautifully made as it is  it's not that flattering if it's hanging on you. luckily it suddenly became available in a small which i quickly ordered and will keep my figures crossed that it's bette
This dress is really beautiful in person. it comes with a spaghetti strap clingy cotton slip underneath. it runs at least 2 sizes large. i tried my usual size 6 and needed to go down to a zero.
I thought this would be a great dress for late summer early fall and i was right. it's light and flowy but the colors are darker. it's very cute and i can't wait to wear it with nice boots like in the picture.
Lovely small whale cords. they fit too tight around the waist for me. unfortunately i will have to return.
Such a beautiful and unique design - i only wish it fit! it is so  so boxy - i'm thin  but would have needed almost a foot of fabric removed in order to make it look right (and i don't mean making it super tight). the seaming and button details on the back are such that it would be tough to have a tailor refit it appropriately. so  i had to return this  despite really wanting to find a way to make it work.
This is an amazing top. fits perfectly  beautiful detail  and amazing fabric. i actually came back to the site just so i could order it in all available colors  but unfortunately it's only in navy. don't hesitate to buy this!
Color is beautiful but looks like a maternity top on. i found i could tuck it in slacks and it looked fine. now for the cons:  it is supposed to be peacock design but i had only one peacock under my arm  which could be seen  i guess  if i waved. the rest were parts of the bird. i would love to have the one in the photos!  next  who thought cheap white buttons on the back was a good idea?  if i had gotten a nice patterned top  i would have replaced the buttons. blouses that i like never seem to b
I wish i had read the reviews prior to purchasing. this skirt looks amazing in photos and lace appears black. the lace on mine is actually purple - at first i thought it was just purple due to lighting with red underneath - but nope - pull the netting away and it is purple. lace netting hikes up on the right due to poor craftsmanship. i ordered a medium and felt it was a bit large. will return.
I was eyeing this dress for some time and was undecided about making the purchase. at a reduced price and 40%discount  i had to succumb! i was surprised by the fabric  a bit flimsy. however  the design makes up for the style. i'm anxious to wear at the first opportunity of spring/summer!!!
These pants are really cute but definitely run small - i ordered a large so they would be a little bigger for lounging and they are not very stretchy. the large fits more like a small in regular sweatpants. there is more blue visible in the top and bottom part of the pants as well  which i like.
I purchased this blouse in the kelly green the other day and i love it. the color is beautiful and i like how it hangs/flows- especially the sleeves. it's not warm enough to wear by itself when it's really cold but would be beautiful layered with a cardigan in the winter months and by its own when it's warmer. looks great with skinny jeans  flares and just about anything including the right skirt. i'm so happy i purchased this!!
Really cute version of a sweatshirt. fits true to size through the shoulders and bust line; however  since i am larger in the bust area than the hip  the lower half of the top looks slightly large on my body. the sweatshirt is cut very straight  so it would probably flatter a person with a pear or straight shape. the inside material of the sweatshirt is a little rough; however  the appliquã© design makes this shirt a keeper.
I ordered this in a small petite. with tracy reese i never really know what to expect in terms of sizing. i'm 5 ft tall about 118 pounds. i'm in between a 4 petite and a 6 petite depending on the brand  broad shouldered  slim hipped and very short waisted. i found this dress to fit a little large. it was quite shapeless on me though i did like the wide scoop neck.  i'm sending this back sadly. quality is nice  though a bit thin for winter time.
Great top  lately i've been sizing down from my usual xs to xxs with pure & good tops  but in this one the xs was best. i bought this in 3 colors and they're my go to tanks for summer. the mint is a bit sheer  but not bad. i did not get try the yellow or white one.
This sweater is super cute and i so wish it worked for me. i am but i must like sweaters a little longer than everyone else because this just hit me at the wrong place. if you're still trying to work off that last little bit of your baby bump  even 2 years removed  this hits right there and emphasizes your waist  at least on me and i'm 5'5". it's so cute that i might have kept it to see if i could get it to work for me but it still has the ink tag on it so it has to be returned no matter what an
I think this jumpsuit is different! the xs fit well and the material is a pretty color but very soft. the store had it styled with a metallic scarf that really accessorized it well.  i thought it would be great for my date night but stopped short of buying because i just can't picture this worn to other outings.  it is very unique though so i just might be back to purchase.
This is an all-purpose outfit  well-made  good material. it can be worn many ways.
Love! boys and arrows make amazing suits! i wear a 25/26 in jeans and a size small in this bikini bottom - it actually fits true to size  which seems impossible in swimwear! cheeky for sure  but so cute! fabric is super  super soft. i want to wear these all day long.
I ordered this top because it was 100 percent cotton and a cute design. when it arrived  i thought it was a cute  different top  uniquely designed. when i tried it on  it looked like a had several extra rolls due to the ruching and was very unflattering. it reminded me of the michelin man wearing extra tires and i am of a thin build so i did not like the perception of rolls throughout the bodice. unfortunately  it did not work for me. i wish retailer would include more cotton tops in their collect
Unfortunately  this sweater let me down! i love retailer  especially their sweaters  but this one fell flat. it was tight on the arms  and didn't hang well on my body. it was odd in length and added about 20lb to my frame. i kept it because i wanted to force it to work  alas  i just donated it. hopefully it fits someone else better than me..
But it runs super small. i wear a medium for everything but couldn't come close to buttoning this. the buttons were about 4 inches apart (horizontally)  probably should have ordered an extra large in order to fit. the quality and styling seemed great but ordering online requires "truth in sizing"
I didn't like the price tag  but got a good price with a sale  so i splurged! this skirt hugs curves in the nicest  most flattering way without feeling like you have to hold in your belly:) very cute ruched design and soft make it easily dressed up or down. i plan to wear with some bright flats for an upcoming trip  but have the perfect white tennies for casual everyday. love it!!
Perhaps it is the 69's vibe that hit me  but i had to check this out with the free shipping week. i am so glad that i did!  i fear wool as i have sensitive skin but this is soft and snuggly. the structure will allow for fit over many different types of under-layers  but unlike so much offered lately  it is not huge or tent-like  but a perfect fit. it is a heavier weight - light coat weight? this is perfect for me in the south. the color is as pictured  golden. in my xxs petite  the sleeves are p
I thought i might like the look of this oversized odette dress but after i tried it on i felt it was not a flattering style on me. the color was pretty and fabric was nice - just not a fit for me.
I had originally bought this top in one of your stores and loved it!!! got sooo many compliments!!! while reading my e-mail one night  i saw it on sale!! of course i would have bought it anyway!!! now i have 2 of my favorite tops!!!
I ordered my usual size and i think the length and the top (chest/arms) for great. however the bottom is more of a swing style than a straight or slight a-line as depicted in the stock photo. there is too much fabric in the stomach area and just not flattering.
Very cute adorable shape tank top but extremely huge    does not come in petite and is not even close to fitting me    extra small is like a medium    not a sky color   like the picture it is a black-and-white type of the shirt which needs a thin camisole underneath  shirt is definitely white but would look great with the black or gray camisole underneath    better for taller larger sized people
Saturday/sunday never disappoints! love this black cardigan. runs a tad large i noticed in the arm length for me. not a problem anywhere else though. good medium weight to the fabric. durable quality and waist flattering once tied. great for throwing on over a dress  wearing with a t-shirt
I feel the same way about this shirt as i do about the sungarden tee. it's a lovely pattern and i like the fit (it's not clingy)  but it's a bit see-though. it's not as bad as the other tee  but no contrasting or patterned bras can be worn with this shirt (unless that's your thing). that said  i'm happy with it because it's a soft and pretty shirt that will get a lot of wear in warm weather. i am very glad i got it on sale though. i wouldn't have paid full price for it.
This piece didn't make sense to me.  maybe it's bc i'm a yankee fan but it reminded me of a high end baseball jersey that was sheer.  i didn't think it was office appropriate but too dressy for casual wear.  it went back.
Beautiful thick sturdy denim. probably the best denim i own in terms of the material. the cut can be awkward as it can be tight across the thighs and hips and kinda makes my butt flat. however i love the wash and quality of the material and at a sales price  totally worth it.
This is an absolutely beautiful skirt from the front. gives a perfect hourgass shape with the strategic color blocking. however  if you have "shapely" hips and back-side  this will definitely emphasize that. had to take it back. a little bit much for work and other formal/professional events. however  if you're less endowed in that area  it might work well. gives a great shape!
Great dress  can be styled up or down for more casual look. it ran a bit large for me  especially up top; the armholes were droopy unfortunately. i ordered the s but returned  the xs will hopefully be better. for reference  i'm usually a s  5'5" 127lb.
I ordered this item when it was first advertised  fell in love with the unique pattern in the top and could hardly wait for it to get here. however when i received the top i was very disappointed  the fabric is cheap  the sleeves are tight and the overall product is of poor quality and poorly constructed. needless to say i returned it.
Top is well made. runs large the arm holes were too big and sagged under my arms showing my bra. go a size smaller than your normal size.
This top is so lovely  i was worried of the color on my pale skin  but it is complementary  nice warm tones. yes  it is a tank  but i can see this as a transition piece into fall with a nice blazer  jeans  boots... the xs regular is perfect for me  length is adequate. if i were to go with petite  i might think it is too short. it is flowy  but still has shape  more than a swing top  so very flattering. the back is really cute too  definitely need a strapless for me  due to the thin straps...
These pants were wonderful...for 2 seasons. yes  for almost $200 a pop they don't even last a full year! loved them so much  i bit the bullet & bought 4 pair. all 4 started to rip in the same spot! i tried to contact ag directly & they do not back up their products after 30 days. fortunately  retailer was wonderful (as always!) i will buy pilcro from now on - much better product for the money.
Its a pleasure to wear this sweater! it feels like you are wearing a hug! it's that cozy! yet  it's almost weightless  which is nice for me because i get overheated easily. the only slight downfall is that it is dry clean only. i got this in charcoal but both color options are so pretty and you will be pleased how dressed up and flattering they look without giving up comfort!
This skirt sparkles when you wear it- beautiful in winter. it is made well  great design and fit  true to size. it is a beautiful fabric with deep blue flowers stitched in  as well as soft silvery gold thread sewn into the background. great length too. fabulous.
I loved the look of these jeans-super cute-however they were way too tight! i ordered my usual size 31. they don't fit like a darker pair of serif jeans i own. back they go ! i'd be curious if anyone else found these to run smaller.
Maybe it's because i'm 40  but this top was underwhelming. i felt like it was a cheap tee with a big  obnoxious bow on the back. it does look cute on the model  so maybe it's a "younger" top. i would have felt silly wearing it.
I'm a big fan of level 99 jeans and linen pants. these are great-- good quality  flattering fit  lovely color. i got the coral in size 26/petite  and that works for me. they do start out just a bit snug in the seat when i first put them on  but they'll pretty quickly stretch out just enough to maintain shape without becoming baggy  like my other level 99 linens-- something to keep in mind when trying to find your right fit. i was a little worried that the drawstring meant there wouldn't be much
I had my eye on this one for awhile and decided to buy it when it popped back on my wishlist. i can see why someone returned it. the sweater top hits at the worst possible spot and made me look ridiculous  like a mushroom top. from the side i saw the potential  but not enough to save it. probably one of the worst things i have ever purchased from retailer.
I really like the look of the top when it is photographed on other people but it just isn't for me. the fabric is stiffer than i would have expected and not very moveable. the fit is not quite right on me. the longer sleeves detract from the look of the shirt. i also generally prefer things a little more form fitting of which this is not. it was not very comfortable for me either  so this was clearly not a win for me.
This coat is spectacular. it was love at first sight but it was only after trying it on in a store that i decided i really wanted it  even at the full price. the design is unique and gorgeous  you don't see coats like this on the street  not a cookie-cutter. it's very soft  yet warm  and has a gorgeous ochre colored lining making it very easy to put on and a standout when a bit of the lining is revealed. it seems the fit is what most reviewers complain about and i can see that. i tried size 2 (
I love this dress it is a little sheer so nothing that spanx won't cover. i have worn it a couple of times and have gotten many compliments.
This is such a cute design  but it's so short! it barely hits at my hips. you'd have to wear a layer under it to keep your tummy from being exposed. i'm also not thrilled with the buttons - i am a 34c bra size and the second button was gaping open on the size 4 top. i wish they'd been sewn shut - the neckline is so big  it's not like the buttons need to function. i got the burgundy with pink flowers and the colors are great. too bad it's so short and gapes open at the bust. going back.
I love the pattern and style of the dress  but unfortunately  it's doesn't fit quite right. the top is too loose (the clip doesn't work well) and the waist line of the dress sit above the waist. and the sleeves are tight (which is shocking to me because i have skinny arms).
I loved this jacket the minute i saw it. saturday sunday is one of my favorite brands. even cuter on than the photo. short back at natural waist long in front . great quality fabric. thick and warm. fits very narrow in sleeves so i went from small to medium to have room for a top underneath. the medium is perfect. back is stylish  solid tweed grey with front pattern wrapped around from front. sleeves and collar a black diamond pattern and ribbon trimmed edge.overall very interesting grey black c
Based on previous reviews  i sized up to size 4 - i typically wear xs or s. while the length was okay  the body was way too wide! the neck was almost like a mock neck & higher than i expected which made it very uncomfortable for me! overall  i didn't find it flattering or anything special.
This had a cute design but an unflattering fit for me.  it was boxy and made my boobs look droopy.
Cutest dress i own. very flattering  makes your waist look tiny.
I got the pink version. it is a pretty color  but the metallic border is painted  not a metallic yarn. the weave is wide and it looks like it would snag easy. it looks cheap to me--not what i expect from retailer. am returning.
The turqoise color is pretty  however  it did smell bad out of the package. i wore it once and it transferred the dye to my skin and white pants  bra and cami! hope it all comes out in the wash. i tried to hand wash the shirt and now have blue hands and a blue tub.
I wanted this jumpsuit to work so badly. my regular size 2 crushed my "girls" flattening them and pushing them up over the top of the jumpsuit. unfortunately i had to go up 2 dress sizes to get it to fit around my bust but was then so big that the material in the front was gapping and folding over. for reference i am not overly busty  a 34 c with petite but muscular build.
Right out of the bag  this top didn't really match the one pictured here (it is the right top  though). the fabric was heavy and felt "damp" -- the way something feels coming out of the wash. very odd.  and the fit is nothing like what's shown on the model. the "v" is not fitted or nicely wrapped (or even tacked in place) -- it was just two loose  droopy pieces so most of my bra was showing no matter how many times i put the pieces back where they belonged (i'm neither "flat chested" nor "busty"
This is a beautiful dress. i sized up 2 sizes based on other reviews and it fits well. it is on the shorter side. i purchased the blue and it's a beautiful color. i was in love with the dress until the zipper burst open after wearing it for five minutes. i think i'm going to have the zipper replaced because i like it so much. but at the high price point there should be a functional zipper.
Super easy date or work dress. it's a little small in the bust so i had to size up but otherwise a great fit.
The details on this are beautiful. i love the gold thread and white beads. i thought the medium fit too large and got the small. it seems to fit really well. so you might want to size down one size. the only thing that seems a bit off it the length. it's pretty long.
This was a cute design  but didn't work for me. the fabric was slightly see-through  and too tight around the bust.
This is more of a sleep shirt. the fabric is too thin and see through. a camisole would not look good under it. will be returning it.
I ended up ordering this in a petite online after trying it on in store. i found the regular length to be a bit too long and flowy and i preferred it to be more tailored. it's very cute and on trend. can't wait to wear it with some dark flare jeans!
I bought this dress in a medium petite. i'm 5'2 and 140#. it fit great and made my waist look really tiny. i cannot wait the dress with heels or else you would see the entire shoe. it works perfect with flat sandals. i've received tons of compliments! you can also wear a normal bra with the dress. love it!
First  this vest is made by elevenses. i love this menswear inspired vest. it's simple and structured  however  it's long on my 5'2 frame. the price is also a little steep  but it will add a nice touch to a simple outfit. i plan on taking this to a tailor to take an inch or two off the bottom.
This product is made of good-quality cotton material. it does run a little large  but it still fits nicely. i like the fact that the design is both on the front and face of the garment.
Perfect for the change in weather  this sweater is very thick and a tad big. i would say it is true to size  but if you're like me and usually order up in sweaters and outerwear  don't. there is ample room for layering underneath without being too cumbersome. the color is a bit different than that shown; it is more of a blush heather with light gray threads intertwined. just a note  the pin does not come with the sweater; the closeup made me think it did  but it really doesn't matter. the color
I absolutely loved this dress  the style is flattering and the mix of fabrics and lace make it truly feminine and unique. the only problem is the bust runs really small. i normally wear a 4-6 in retailer but i ordered a 6 and and 8 and both were way to tight in the bust. very disappointed because i really wanted to keep this dress.
I waited six weeks for this dress to arrive and was so disappointed. loved the skirt part of it. but the top  which i guess i didn't see in photo was pleated as well  made my bust look huge and it puffed out on sides. would have been a wonderful summer dress  flowing and cool.
The picture of this top is misleading. it's more like a tent/ super short dress. i ordered my usual size (l) and could easily get away with a small in this top  if the arm holes were not too tight. i def. need to go down to a medium  and maybe even a petite medium since i'm 5/3. the top is 100% cotton  but there is so much fabric there is no way a little shrinkage would offset the amount of extra fabric. it looks like a tent on. plus  the picture and description make it seem like a normal top le
I definitely like unique things  but the sleeves are way too much on this sweater.  it's a shame because it is so soft and comfortable  but overall i felt it looked somewhat silly on me.
Super itchy! had to return.
I ordered the gold in size xl. it fits true to size  matching the online photos. the color & details are prettier in person. such a comfortable tee. it's washed/dried well too. i hope they make more colors for this fall. it's been a great basic!
This vest looked so cute online but it's a disaster. the quilting is so bulky that the drawstring doesn't work properly and it just hangs. itlooks like something out of a costume closet that could be used for a peasant farmhand or a zombie movie. seriously  it's bad.
I like the fabric and aesthetic of this top  and really wanted to like it  however i wish it were longer. i am a size small or med in all retailer clothes  but even the medium felt short and clingy. however that might be because i'm curvy with a long torso  so i'd definitely recommend trying this on rather than buying online!
I debated getting this dress for over a month and finally purchased it on retailer member day for 20%off. i wore it on a chiller night with a denim jacket and booties for a more casual feel. constant compliments from friends and strangers.     only complaint about the dress is the slit. it does not go as high like on the model  stops right at the knee.the cross over is not too revealing (which is nice). overall the fit is great! im 5&#39;6 and usually size 12 and 36dd  the large was perfect!
I have to agree with the first reviewer! i really loved the color of this dress and could almost have overlooked the lack of a lining  but when i felt the fabric expecting a nice lush silk  instead getting what felt like a polyster instead i couldn't justify it for the price. i really liked the fact that a maxi came in petite sizes as well  but just couldn't get over the poor quality for that price so back it goes!     i hope the team members or buyers at retailer are reading these reviews
As in previous reviews  this top can be worn in many ways. it could even be used as a pretty bathing suit cover-up. i like it with my cropped cotton spandex leggings which i have in many solid colors. i plan to wear it unbuttoned with my classic style spandex tanks i have in various colors & prints. the complete look says 'summer' & feels cool & comfy in this warm weather. even hubby loves the look! 5'3"  117#. i bought my usual size small.
Bought this cardigan on a whim as a birthday treat pre myself! love it! i get a compliment everyone i wear it! the quality is great  fits great (with a roomy feel).
I am 5'7  115 lbs  and tried on a 0. the dress (red) looked great and i loved how it had a slimming effect  and i could wear this to work and the length is appropriate. it fit great  but it was a pain to get out of for some reason. i tried to get out of it through the bottom  but it kept getting stuck on my hips. i eventually got it out through the head  but it was such a pain that i just got frustrated. the fabric is okay- i expected a slightly better quality fabric for the price.
I found this piece very boxy and not very feminine. i tried to make it work but i just wasn't feeling it the material is thin and the design is boring. unfort  it wasn't for me.
This would be perfect if only it were lined!!!! i have a high waist and hourglass shape so jumpers are very hard to find that fit my body type. this is a perfect fit for my body shape and when on  it looks like a lovely dress. however  it is not lined and the material is very light and ivory so you see everything. you can't wear a slip so that leaves the option of some sort of bodysuit if you don't want to show the world what you have. i am very tired of all of the light colored clothing not bei
I got my normal size and unfortunately the moment i tried it on the details on both shoulders ripped. the dress fit fine and i basically have no boobs so i don't think it was a case of it being too small. i guess it just wasn't reinforced enough. there was also a miss-stitch in the shoulder on the back which causes the back of the dress to bunch funnily. lastly  there's a slip on the inside which i don't think was necessary. it hugs tight to the body and makes the whole dress feel oddly clingy.
I agree with the other reviewer who stated this sweater is very "80's"!! online it looks minorly fluffy with muted colors  but in person it's a bad overly-fuzzy christmas sweater with super bright 80's colors!! if you're going for kitschy / tacky / retro this may work for you  but if you are looking for the sweater in the photo you'll be disappointed... :( it looked to be true to size  but to be honest i hated it so much i didn't even try it on.
I loved the print on both  but first bought the blue to check out the fit and feel. i went ahead and ordered the cat one today. the fit is relaxed and slightly oversized so if you want a slimmer or less boxy fit  size down. for myself  m was perfect since i'm built larger and broader on top. the top is a bit long  covers my hips and some of my bottom. it's a mixed fabric design  so the linen part may feel scratchy to sensitive types.
Light weight and cotton  great summer top. runs a little big but it suits me. i'm short and find the straps a drop loose because they're a fixed length meant for someone a little taller than 5'1" me  but they are not falling down so far. also  if you look at the photo of the model wearing the top in black  you can see through the lace to the bra underneath. if you just wear a bra the same color as the top it's not at all noticeable. great piece for summer.
Very boxy top  not flattering on. i will be returning.
I am not a one-piece body type. this is the best best best romper i have ever tried on!! i have a large bottom and this is so forgiving due to the 1)perfect length of shorts 2) drapey fabric (not clingy) 3) asymmetrical cut of the top. highly recommend!
I am a large in knit tees. this is the first tee where the large was just too big. it kind of hung on me. the band across the back also hung down so all over it looked like it was just too big a size for me. the army green turned out to be not a flattering shade of green for me so i returned it. i liked the whole design a lot  especially the front macrame part  but for me it did not work at all. also  too expensive for a tee.
I tried this blouse on in the store and chose not to purchase it. i did not think the fabric or design warranted the price point as it felt a bit cheap and there's not much to the design. it is true to size - my usual size 4 fit well enough. i'm on the tall side with an average bust and i did not find it short. my friend was shopping with me and she thought it looked maternity on her as she is thin but very well endowed. she also thought it made her shoulders look broad. personally i liked it on
The inseam is advertised as 28"  but they are more like 38". i was hoping they were for short people  but they are for someone with very long legs  event in my tallest heels  i'd have to get them hemmed! just a warning to my short friends out there. the quality  fit  look was great  but way way way too long.
Beautiful color and flattering design! cons: tends to get wrinkled and you have to be careful about ironing. i ended up buying the shirt twice because i burned a hole in it while trying to use a poor quality hotel iron. i didn't even have a chance to wear it  but i loved the shirt so much that i bought it again since it was a good sale price.
I was so excited to get this dress...i even paid expedited shipping! i read the reviews and thought that i ordered properly but i sadly disappointed. it was just too big. i'm a size 6-8 petite and the size 8 was overwhelming. the side of the dress were down to my stomach and i just can't wear the dress. not sure what to do but buyers be careful. pretty color and design but not well-designed.
I purchased the green online  in my usual medium. i do like it but i will be returning it for a few reasons. first  i couldn't justify the price as it's really not unique enough. it kind of reminds me of a pajama top. also  i thought it was 3/4 sleeve  which it is not  it's long sleeve. and lastly  it appears to be regular length on the model. i'm maybe 5'4 at best and it's shorter and boxy. i gave it 4 stars because i really like it for what it is  but just not what i expected. it is cute  spor
I saw this shirt online  loved it  but unfortunately it was sold out in the regular size small. however  retailer shirts tend to be long on me  so i ordered a petite small. it fits great! i am actually happy i got a petite because i feel a regular would have been too long. the shirt comes to my hips. for reference i'm 5'8" 145 lbs. and my measurements are 34-27-38.
I have a 36c bust. i bought this blouse in a 10  even though i wear an 8 or 10. i sized up based on previous reviews. this top was super tight in the bust (it literally flattened my breasts) and very loose on the bottom. it was not flattering at all. the material is gorgeous. it is thick. it is lined. it is darted at the bust and it flares out in a peplum fashion where the light fabric up top meets the dark band of fabric in the middle. the problem is that busty ladies will find the bust area wa
I have to say being a silk lover  decision was hard to make. the quality is phenomenal. i do agree to a reviewer that said it's pj like. i tried it with belt  didn't help much with the look somehow. it just felt empty. my daughter who i usually turn for opinions said "ewww  grandma"... i know  truth hurts.    i can't exchange for a smaller size either because the fabric is not stretchy and i'm afraid the extra small would confine my arm movement. on top of that  the background is more peachy tha
Bought this dress as a winter dress. it looks amazing  and even more so with some boots. love it. also  its more gray than blue  although i like that.
This is one of the lowest quality shirts i have ever received from retailer. i was so excited for the shirt  it looked so pretty and soft in the pictures. the flax is very scratchy  marring the softness of the rest of the fabric. the top half is totally sheer  requiring a cami. the shirt is cut in such a way that it flares out from the rib cafe in an unstructured way  unnecessarily adding visual pounds. finally  the sewing is done very poorly and the the side tag is literally three inches long--wh
Nice jeans  just fyi they look more slimly fitted in the photo than they actually are when you get them. that's why i returned them. otherwise  fine.
I just bought the grey  and now i'm coming back for the black and cream i lovethis staple item!! so soft fits great!
I am 5' 10" 135 lbs  normally a size 4l and ordered both a small in the navy and a medium in the beige. the elastic waist on both is not a tight/ muffin-top producing elastic like on some thinner banded leggings. in fact  the elastic is very loose  not very stretchy on either of the sizes. i think the s had been previously tried on  given the state of the packaging and the fact that the seat of the pant was already a bit stretched out. the m is definitely too large so i would say that these run
I loved the cut and the stretch in the material made them comfortable  however i found that the material was unflattering for thicker thighs because it tended to cling to the body. it would have been better with some sort of lining as it would have prevented the flimsy material from highlighting imperfections. bottom of pants are not hemmed  so if you want a clean look  you may not like the edges. these were returned immediately as it just did not work for me.
I really like both colors in this top. i love the way it lays  the length  the material  etc. what i don't like is that the arm holes are very large and shows the entire side of your bra. this is definitely a summer top so why would someone want to have to wear a cami when it's warm enough to go sleeveless? too bad  i would have bought it for sure.
This top is a joke unless you are really into expensive clown wear. i thought this looked whimsical  fun and a well-designed piece when i saw it on line--especially at this high price. i started to laugh before i even pulled the entire top of out the bag when i got it in the mail today. it is not expensive looking at all  and the pom poms look like a sad craft project rather than a special detail. it is a bit juvenile too. even if you wore it and were going for "ironic"  it would be difficult to
Tried this on just for fun today and ended up taking it home in the glorious blue. many have commented on the sizing issue. for reference i am 5'5  120 lbs  32a  slender athletic build. i bought a size 2 and it fits like a dream. no large arm holes  no gaping buttons  and the length is perfect. yes it will wrinkle  it's linen. that's part of the look. i feel this will fill a void in my closet that was missing. i was wearing flat ankle wrap espadrilles when i tried it on and it looked super cute.
The shape was not as nice on model  seemed like a lot of extra material.
I was looking for a pair of ankle jeans to wear with booties. i love my regular length paige hoxton jeans but they are too long me (5'4" 120) if i want to wear booties. i decided to try the petite size and.... perfecto!!! just the right length and the rest of the fit was just like my other paige jeans. i love when you can count on sizing to stay true across styles.
This top is so cute and so comfy. i love the details  especially in the back. this embodies what i love about retailer clothing- the little unique touches that you find anywhere else. very pleased.
I was so excited to try these  it's hard to find cute bermuda shorts. the legs were so wide. my husband asked if i was wearing his shorts. they don't look that wide in the picture. i am 5'4" and 130 lbs i bought my regular size 28 but the waist was huge i could have sized down one or two sizes. unrolled they came to my knee.
I wanted to love this kimono...it is such a beautiful color and would work well with so many things in my wardrobe  but alas it went back due to the strange feel of the fabric...not a soft touch and because it runs small. i bought the m/l and usually wear a 12/14 but i couldn't bring the kimono together in the front (for a belting option).
I was very happy to receive this as a birthday gift. i usually wear an xs or s in clothes i buy from retailer. i was given this in a s  but it wasn't even close to meeting in the front  so i returned it for a m. it doesn't button anyway  but i didn't want it to look like it wouldn't meet at all. i tried on a size s sweater in this brand while i was in the store  and it fit perfectly  so this one is just running small. overall  i love the lace detail on the front and the softness of the sweater.
I'd been wanting the blouse for quite a while but hesitated based on reading reviews. when it went on sale i thought i'd try but it was like a tent on me. the fabric was pretty but just hung without any resemblance to photo. too bad because the color was gorgeous & could have been a favorite of looked like photo.
Love this substantial pieced suede skirt by leifsdottir. the photos i posted show the color in daylight on a cloudy day. a bit more muted darker turquoise than the online pictures. imagine a mini pencil skirt made of non-stretch polyester with a suede front panel. over this is the longer  open skirt  which is attached at the sides to keep it from flying up when you walk. . sizing: based on the reviews i risked ordering this in a 00p. i'm 5'2"  currently 33-25-37ish with narrow hips  fuller behin
I looked at this on the hanger and almost passed it up. i'm so glad i didn't because it ended up looking so much better on. i wear a s or xs in retailer tops and went with the xs. i'm 5'6" and it still had plenty of room and enough length to cover my backside. i usually gravitate to reds but the red in this top  while pretty  had too much pink in it for me.
I love the detailed cutouts on the shirt and the liner is finished with a scalloped edging. perfectly cool for the summer time but also stylish and hip.
I purchased this shirt in the novelty print  very cute. the shirt itself is fine  slight relaxed fit  thin material  purchased in a small (normal size)  it really was the print that sold me. on it looked very cute and just really liked it. may not be worth the $58 i paid for it but would be a good pick up on sale.
These jeans are so great  i'm thinking of getting a second pair for when the first wear out  despite the price. they hug my curves and make me feel like a bombshell. the fabric and stitching is all good quality and sturdy - these are comfy but they definitely are not thin like legging jeans. love them!
This was a really nice  soft lightweight sweater  perfect for transitioning into fall. i found it to be a tad boxy and while i love a high/lo hem  it was a little short in the front for my liking. i'm still debating if i'm keeping it since i bought it full price  but the color was really pretty and on sale  i would def. go for it. for reference  i got a large since i normally like my clothes more loose.
I wanted to love this shirt. it's got a thicker material  a flattering shape and the uniqueness for a basic top. however when i put this on  it just looked like it was ill-fitting over the chest. i think if the pull was below the chest  it would be much better.
This is a beautiful top  however  my top did not match the one in the picture  it's so odd  the stripes are completely different  it's ok  because it's very pretty  but i do like the one pictured better. it's too short on me for leggings and boots  but it's great with skinny jeans. very pretty and soft material.
The cut of this piece is great  the quality of the fabric is terrible. i used it under another layer the first day i wore it and it pilled across the bust. after hand washing in cold water and hanging to dry it shrank in length- so much that i can no longer even wear it. i always happily pay a premium for quality staple wardrobe pieces. this didn't hold up to one wearing  let alone one season. i recommend strongly against it.
I saw this top online and fell in love with the overall casual look.  i ordered all 3 colors  and they just arrived........love love love !!!  they are soft  comfortable and a have a very flattering casual fit.  the understated ruffled details add the special "something" that is so retailer.  they are sophisticated yet pretty.  the orange is more vibrant in person and is a beautiful shade.  the plum/purple is a rich  unique and pretty color.  the navy is a perfect "denim" color.  a fantastic basic
Loved the version of this loc top that retailer carried two years ago (or was it three?). was thrilled to see what looked like the same top and was called the same name ... but it's just not the same. length is too short  body is too wide  and even the fabric seems to be lower quality. disappointing  but i still bought more than one color.
As a tall girl  i was thrilled to see that these pants come in longs! they are amazing for dressing up (or sassing up) and outfit. i anxiously anticipated their arrival and wore them the very first night i bought them. however  as someone previously mentioned the quality is poor. after wearing them to they symphony  the knee tore while i was sitting in my seat! i really don't see a way to avoid this from happening since i had not moved. i'm sooo upset because i absolutely loved these pants!
This dress is very sweet and summery. i disagree with all the other reviewers who complain about their not being enough room in the chest. i wear a double d and i didn't notice any pulling  which is definitely a problem i've experienced in other button down dresses. i also appreciated that the straps were wide enough to cover a bra - though i definitely will have to have them shortened. the color is not particularly vibrant (kind of a soft yellow thoat might not be flattering on every skin tone)
These tights are light but at the same time super cozy. definitely cut and sewn as tights and not meant to be worn as leggings -- they're really sheer around your rump. i've worn them around the house with oversized t-shirts and long sweaters. would only wear out of the house with a dress or serious coverage  despite what i thought when i bought them. i wish they were available in a few more colors. worth the sale price.
I ordered online. i sized up one size. it fit perfect. so flattering and so pretty. then i tried to take it off and the zipper stuck...badly. 30 minutes later i was sadly packing it up to ship back. the zipper is that awful.
Fun pattern which goes with just about anything. cool for summer.  very comfortable.  fitted style but true to size.
Very long shirt  i have to tuck it in. i love the lipstick design and its great quality material. its really soft and cotton breathable.
The reviews are right about these fitting perfectly in the fitting room  i knew right off i had to get them. i have a flat rear end and these make my rear look great! i'm 5'5 about 130 lbs. and i chose the 29. i initially bought both the 28 and 29' to make sure they would not stretch out and the didn't. i didn't want to be squeezed in with the 28. i think they are very well made and i'll love wearing them for a long time.
I love this onesie! i get a lot of complements when i wear it. the only issue is that it's slightly too short in the mid section. it tends to give a tiny bit of a wedgie. but it's not nearly significant enough to give it a bad review or return it. overall it's comfortable. i did have to size up because of that issue but it still looks great.
This dress would have been gorgeous and consistent with retailer's aesthetic if the designs had been embroidered onto a thick silk/jacquard fabric to give it texture  which is how it looks from the photo. obviously it would have been more expensive  but in any case  this was just a really expensive polyester dress  which it says in the product description  but i gave retailer the benefit of the doubt  thinking if anyone can make even polyester look like a quality product  it'll be retailer. but now i
Like a previous reviewer mentioned the jeans do not necessarily look like the one in the photo. i first ordered them in my regular size and also had to notice that they are cut like men's jeans with legs so skinny that i could only force them over my calves. the embroiding is beautiful  but it also stops the material from stretching  so the the super skinny legs are a real problem. also  they are not as intensely stone washed as shown in the picture. i decided to order them again one size bigger
Love these pants! i'm 5'10 and the length is perfect. could even wear a little heel. the fold over waist is so comfy  they feel like pajamas but look very classy. i bought the navy and silver (more of a khaki color) on sale for a great deal. the washing instructions say line dry but i threw them in the dryer on low and they came out fine. just need to remove and hang quickly for less wrinkles.
This trench is beautiful  with a lovely  swinging skirt that adds a romantic sense of drama and movement - you'll feel as though you are starring in your very own film noir movie. i wish i could have kept it  but i couldn't justify paying full price on a coat that had to be hand-washed (the label specifies no dry cleaning!).there is a lot of fabric on this trench  and i imagine that all those little pleats will have to be ironed too. i don't have the time for that  and for this much money  i wou
The size s arm holes are a little too over-sized and i find i keep adjusting the shoulders so the sides of my bra won't show (and sizing down to an xs made the body too tight). it's a bit pricey for a basic  thin tank  but it's a good every day  wear all the time staple.
Then this one is for you! so disappointed upon receipt of this skirt  as i had been eyeing it for a while and was excited to see it on sale. based upon the pictures  i thought the black stitching was just an interesting outline detail  but it is actually masking this skirt's ugly secret:  a pouch. yes  it literally has a pouch smack dab in the middle of your abdomen  which does not lay flat. the material also looks rather snag prone and already had a few pulls in spots.                 this one
I was in love with this suit from the pictures. unfortunately the top is a little too short so the peplum skirt hits right at my widest part and doesn't meet the bikini bottoms.
I ordered this turtleneck in white and was very surprised to find that the material is so thin and gauzy it's sheer. i will definitely have to wear a white camisole under this every time i wear it  even when using it as a layering piece. it seems to run true to size if not a little small. the neck is interesting because it is so light and floppy...you can adjust several ways. it doesn't hold form well  though. i will most likely keep it but will never wear it without something both under and ove
Got this shirt in the green color. it's long and flowy and fits true to size. super comfy.
Didn't work on this curvy gal.  sizing up would have helped with the button gaps  but the flowy shape of the blouse would have looked too maternity on a larger size.  major pass.
This top is gorgeous! this is why i love retailer the quality is amazing. i just love how unique this top is. it's a light jean blue and white pin striped shirt with these beautiful red crochet sleeves. i'm a 34ddd i ordered the large and it's perfect. it is a bit shorter probably because of my chest but i was going to wear it with high waisted shorts anyways.  it's a must buy!
Love the color  weight and styling on this sweater. it is soft and comfortable and i will wear it a lot. the only downfall is that it sheds  so it can not be worn with leggings or you will end up with fuzz everywhere.
Such a cute dress it was just way too big in the back of the dress  too much fabric  it just hung with  no form around waist. it appeared more fitted on the model than the one i received. dress was quite  a bit longer in the back so i felt like the front was riding up just in the minutes of trying it on.   sadly i have to return it. it did come with an underneath slip which was necessary as the fabric was very  thin.  recommend with caution to sizing.
This brand makes the best jackets. i got a vest from them last year and an olive moto jacket. both fit amazing. this one is no different. it fits great!! love that it's a great casual jacket with structure and drape. i can't say enough good things about this jacket. every time i wear it  i feel so pulled together. fun light gray color that you don't see too often in jackets. this is a jacket i see in my wardrobe for years to come. must have.
This is huge. i understand that's the style  but it looked like i was wearing my husband's size xxl. i tried to imagine a really cold day when all that extra fabric would be nice... but then it started to itch  and itch and itch!
This lift weight cardigan is true to size  perfect for fall or spring. colors are quite nice  especially the little pops of orange.
I bought this in two colors : the green which i love and the washed out look adds some interest to make this other than a plain tank. i also bought this in white and it is completely see through. i will never understand why designers don't pay attention to how fabric would look as soon as you put a bra on. if you want to wear a tank under your tank then get the lighter colors otherwise i would stick with the green.. honestly debating on whether to buy the bright blue color but i fear it's just n
I really like how this looks on the model  but in real life this top is much tighter. i was hoping for a good layering top and have been playing around with the trend of lace up tops. i bought it without trying on figuring a small would work  but it was much too tight and the lace top reminded me of vans shoes. i returned it  a girl much tinier than myself has it and it is very cute on her. so  best works on a model body type figure than someone with even slight hips.
I loved this dress and it fit great on me: 5'7  115 lbs  wore an xs. it was a little tighter than i wish  but the s would have been too loose. unfortunately  when i received the dress the arms were already pilling. it is made of a mix of polyester  and while it's machine washable (yay)  i can imagine this dress would be pilling very easily  and i wish the fabric was a higher quality for the price  so i returned it.
I really thought from the picture that the dress would be more fit for a curvy figure. it is  unfortunately  more well suited to those women with straighter lines. the color was more flat than the picture as well  but i bet it is lovely in navy.
I am 6' and typically wear a size 8-10. i am a rather busty kind of gal (36h)  so i usually order larges in tops so that i am sure there is no pull across my chest. i ordered a large in this top in the plum color. when i received the top  i could not stop laughing at how huge it was... the fit in the chest area is fine  but i can wrap the sides around me and tie them into a bow. at least half of the material needs to be removed! despite how huge the top is  it is very cute otherwise! i just mail
The purple/cobalt is a beautiful color. i feel the t shirt material is entirely too thin for the price.
The front material is soft and cozy  but i was surprised to find that the back and the arms were a waffle knit  like long john material  very thin and tight in the arms. cannot wear a shirt underneath it  only tank top. other than that  it's a great deal
I wanted to like this and even considered getting it altered  but just decided to return. it runs big and from the front it looks good  but the back just looked like a big oversized  stretched out tank. it was so comfy on though and not sheer or revealing. so if you're tall  go for it!!
I was looking for a new pair of pajama pants/around-the-house pants/occasional-quick-errand pants to replace a pair that i bought from retailer six years ago and i fell in love with the look of these.they are truly comfy and are flattering on. the lace adds a nice feminine touch that makes me feel pretty even on my laziest days. i'm hoping these will last me another six years.
I didn't even notice this tee online  but in person in the store  i instantly loved it. then trying it on  loved it even more. it is flattering without being too tight. i got an xs  which is my usual size. i'm not a huge fan of the 3/4 sleeve length in winter  so i almost wish it had been either long or short sleeve  but no biggie  i still love!
Ordered this as a gift.  she said it is great!  nice fabric  great fit.
I purchased this dress for a special occasion and am delighted it's exactly what i was hoping for. everything from the way it fits to the way it feels is perfect. i highly recommend it!
I wanted this dress in wine for a holiday party. but it just has no life whatsoever. unlike prior reviewer  i found nothing to dislike about the fabric. the fabric is fine and the fit is fine. i'm sometimes an 8 and sometimes a 6; took this in an 8 and definitely would not size down. it's relatively close- and well-fitting  but the sleeves and neckline further ruined it for me. the sleeves are shapeless  long and baggy. the neckline is just blah. it needs to be neater  trimmer  more cut. the ruc
I need to remember that this brand runs small. i ordered the xxsp and i usually have a little room with jacket  but this fits snug. i have one from last year and it's the same. fits snug. if you want extra room  order a size up. the quality is nice  i love the camel brown color. it's a keeper for me  just won't be able to wear a sweater under it.
I wanted this dress to work so badly but if you have any chest or any hips this won't work for you. i tried in petites and regular and it just didn't work at all
I purchased this dress in the berry color. it is beautiful and feminine. the length fit just like in the picture. i love all the detail and ease of this dress. i'm 5'2" 34d and purchased a size 2. it fits true to size.
Love this beautiful sweater! it's become one of my wardrobe staples. it's got a great cut and i love the design.
This is a gorgeous print  but i found it too fussy for my taste.  it is quite shapeless so i tried doing a half tuck. it looked cute for about 2 seconds  but then i had to worry about keeping the shoulders down.
I love the ease of this dress. the style can be dressed up or down. the straps are inset a little which doesn't work for every body type. the thin material can get caught and snag easily but otherwise this dress is a simple chic addition to my closet. the length is just right  not too long like some other maxi dresses. the lining underneath ends at the perfect length as well. the top part is lined well so it can be worn with or without a bra. i am normally a 4 or 6 in dresses. the waistband hits
This dress was ok - i thought the fabric was soft  but not my favorite. it's a pull on dress that would be easy to dress up or down. but  i have bigger hips and this dress was really not flattering on my - would be better on a different body type.
Loved this shirt when i saw the picture. unfortunately fit was not what it needed to be to keep it. you can't really see in the photo but if you have any chest at all (i am only 34b...so would say of average size bust) this shirt will not fit well. there is a seam in the bust area that cuts across the bust which is not flattering/doesn't fit well . the sleeves were also a bit more tight than i'd have thought from the photo.  really wanted to love this - but unless you have a smaller chest it lik
I got this dress on sale (under 20 dollars) but i would pay more!  it runs very large - i got a medium which is roomy  irl i wear a large (vanity sizing i suppose!).  the colors are so pretty  it is lined so you don't need a slip or cami.  highly recommend!
These pants are really pretty and comfrotable  and i took a cahnce ordering them with a "31 inch inseam:  i thought perhaps they would work with a 4-inch heel...howeverm it is not the case  tey much be much longer than 31 inches. due to the cut out i will not be able to have htem hemmed  so htey must go back. if you are taller  i recommend  they are truly flattering.
I like this dress a lot  the fabric is nice  the necklines are unusual and flattering but there is definitely some added volume at the hips with the pockets. really comfortable dress.
This fabric feels a little bit like heaven. i would totally wear this out and not just with my jammies. it's adorable and the fabric is so soft. i think i'm in love. i'm 5'2 95 lbs. xxsmall was a perfect fit.
I bought this top in white and my usual size large based on other reviews.  the sleeves are wonderfully long enough for this tall girl  which means that they are likely very long on shorter gals.  i love the style of this t.  the white is slightly see through  but with a nude color bra works ok. i do wish that it didn't cut up so high on the sides.  this probably isn't an issue with shorter people  but i need to wear something under it to avoid showing skin.  i've tried a white camisole under an
Love this top - it is a beautiful shade of blue and the buttons at the bottom add a nice touch. it is light weight and not too long or wide. i have other t.la tops in small  but the xsm worked better for me with this top.
Beautiful stitching on the sweater. very soft and a nice length as well. like the soft brown color - will match many things in my wardrobe.
This is a pretty dress  although it runs smaller and the colors aren't as vibrant as on the website. the waist ran very small for me in a size 10 which is my normal size and normally runs looser in the waist area as i have an hour glass figure. this probably will look very nice on someone smaller.
I like the style and the design of this culottes  but the texture of the fabric will caught on any rough surface. i had a few loose loops for just one wear... so it will be nice to wear for work or shopping   but not good to go to the park or play with kids...
I just returned this top. i agree with the previous reviewer. the neckline is way too deep  i ordered small and i looked ridiculous in it. also the ruffles didn't look so great on me either.
I bought this top thinking i would wear this and feel like i was part of some fashion week  but it's cut way too large that i felt like a football player. this top is made for women with small shoulders and a super petite frame. also  the cut is way too big. i was swimming in this.
Fabric felt and looked cheap.  hem was completely frayed  all the way around  perhaps purposely  but ratty looking  all the same.
This is the most unflattering peplum top i have ever tried on. fit perfectly as a size 6 should in the arms  shoulder  chest... then the waist was huge! just hung off of me like a flour sack. it was wider than the chest measurements  which made me appear frumpy instead of tailored and classic. combine that with the high-low hemline and it looked like a project runway reject. sent back immediately  do not buy this if you have (or want to appear to have) an hourglass figure  it will do nothing for
Even on my 5'1"  short-waisted  100 lb body  this was super short. it was also super boxy. not flattering at all. the blue was a good color but this is going back.
Love tracy reese finds at retailer! first day wearing this skirt and have already received a number of compliments! not a typical material i would buy clothing wise  but it's really comfortable and not clingy as i thought it may be. i appreciate the built in slip for some extra substance as well
Great dress. the seaming helps add shape to the dress. it is flattering and super comfortable. this dress is so easy to wear  i'm sure i will reach for it again and again.
This is quite an odd dress. it does wrap and is beautiful material. however  the dress does not close at all in the chest area. i thought perhaps it was meant to be a kimono. it will go back for sure.
Great sweater but it was just a little too short on me so it is going back. it is extremely fuzzy and soft though.
Exactly what i needed post pregnancy. this top is very comfortable with a drape that hides my tummy. the back hits that perfect spot where it looks great  but still hides a normal bra.
This top is very pretty and you can definitely wear it without a cami with a nude bra if you're an outgoing person  especially for a summer evening. my only confusion is the too high neckline. if it was just a little lower  it would look and feel less "chokey." i keep wanting to pull it down. i'm a size 0 and needed the xxs which fits like most people's xs's as sizing continues to get bigger. really lovely except for the neckline. looks great over white or colored shorts and is a nice mix of cas
I have been searching around for new and unique clothes to wear to work. this top is cute  comfortable  and well made. these are all qualities that i look for when purchasing clothes. also the shirt is flattering for the stomach if you are like me and had a baby.
This is a very cute top. my only reservation is that where the elastic is on the side sticks out a little more than i would like. it's not that big of a deal though.
I've been looking for the right swing dress for a long time and this one is perfect. one of my favorite features is the design at the hem of the dress (it looks even better in person!). the material is a thicker  almost canvas-y type of fabric  which i love because it makes the dress feel higher quality to me. i love how comfortable the dress is and it's so easy to throw it on and look amazing. i tried on two sizes at two different stores and received compliments from staff and customers both ti
I'd say these are exactly as-pictured and i'm happy with them. they run a little big in the waist; i most often wear xspetite in retailer sizes  and can often wear xs regular but these are a bit loose (i have a 26" waist  34" hips). the drawstring tie solves that of course but it's only in the front  it doesn't go all the way around the waist  the rest is elastic. i'd also say these are high-rise  or long in the crotch (but i'm only 5'3" so they're probably mid-rise on tall people). i have them hi
It's a phenomenal wardrobe peice. quality  comfort  versatile. dress it up or down  belt it or not  boots or shoes. i'm 5'3"  115ish lbs  small fit my 34d chest beautifully. a great buy - have fun with it!
Huge! normally wear a medium and this was huge and very unflattering.
Great top!! can be dressed up or down. the lace is great quality and i love the border detailing. i found this shirt to run pretty true to size.
I am tall (5'11 and 3/4) and mostly leg with a shorter torso so i am always looking for longer shirts to balance my leg to torso ratio. i ordered this in the tan and blue colors in a large and so far have loved both of them. i am typically a medium in tops but tend to get the large for the extra length and have the top altered to fit if need be. however there was no need to alter these tops (making me think the tops typically run small).     both tops are sheer requiring a tank of some sort to b
I purchased this in-store in a vivid red color  but didn't try it on until i got home. big mistake! literally the first time i tried to zip the dress  the cheap  horrible zipper noted in previous reviews just...broke. midway up  right under the waist tie. i was trapped in the dress for a good 15 minutes and was scared i'd have to rip or cut the fabric to get out of it; eventually i pulled the zipper apart to escape. can't wait to return this asap.
The skirt part of the dress falls straight and accentuated my stomach. you can't really tell from the pic. but if you have even the slightest bump of a stomach the dress might make it look worse instead of better because of the way that it is cut. i'm pretty slim - 5'5'' and 114 pounds and it wasn't doing me any favors! the top of the dress is beautiful! i will exchange it for something else. i ordered it online and couldn't try it on before purchasing it.
The photo of the mila turtleneck where model has her hands to her sides  and just below her hair  there is a bit of extra fabric which falls to the bottom of the sweater in a bit of a pleat- well  it's not representative of the abundance of fabric in the xl. i usually wear an l or xl well with retailer clothing. the excess added the appearance of excessive pounds from breasts to bottom of sweater. bummer. i'll be returning it.
These are the most comfortable pants i have tried this season without sacrificing the style. they look best rolled up for that casual  chic look and can be dressed up or down. these do run slightly large. i'm 5"1 and 102- 104 pounds and took the 24 petite size. i bought the white color and will probably try another color or two before my size sells out. love these and really recommend them!
One of the worst shirts i've tried in a long time. i don't know how they managed to give it a little shape on the model. in person it is sleeveless  huge  short and wide.
The only strange thing is the size. i used to wear size s (117bl) but this time the small is way too big. i still keep it and put a belt on. it is a very very pretty dress. i used to buy sale from antheropologie. but can not wait this time. i am very impressed by the design. can not praise more!
I was disappointed in this shirt. the color was not the pretty blue pictured  but rather a grayish blue which may look good on a brunette  but not on a blonde. the fabric felt like linen and wrinkled easily. normally  the quality of the fabric is one of my main reasons to buy holding horses  but this one felt cheap. the detail and craftsmanship was beautiful  and i wish this shirt would have worked for me. i waited for it to go on sale and was very excited to receive it. holding horses is one of
Very unflattering and no shape or flair. lots of extra material but no swing or shape. do not recommend.
I've been looking for the right leggings that are of good quality  thick enough to feel appropriately covered  and a good price point - these are those leggings! need more!
I wanted to love this dress... and i did until i turned around. the back seam didn't hang right. it pulled towards the knotted side  across my behind. i tried on two different xs that they has in store and both had the same issue. one of the dresses hung much looser  i had to recheck the tag because i didn't believe it was the same size! disappointing because it really is pretty and showcases curves nicely.
The material and construction of the pants are great  but the length is just plain awkward. i'm 5'4" and the regular came to just above my ankles  and looked as though they had shrunk in the wash in a really bad way. a couple of inches longer and they would've been fine  or i could've gotten them in petite and worn them as true ankle-length pants  but the regular just didn't do it for me. also i'm usually a size 6 (5'4"  125lbs) and these were a little baggy around the waist and hips.
The sweater is very very warm. it looks okay  not the best but not bad. i had high expectations so was disappointed to see no closure  i don't wear sweaters and jackets without closures. i like having the option of closing buttons if it gets any colder. so i am sending it back.
On a hot summer 90 degree day the blue ink on the dress stained the dress and my new tory burch bag. i would never have expected that the blue print would bleed all over me and my new dress. great dress and such a wonderful fit...too bad its unwearable now.
Great color but frumpy fit. if you have any bust  it looks a bit like maternity
Matronly and unflattering. i think this may work on a very tall and slender body type.
Ugh. this skirt is beautiful and so well made  but i sized up to a 0 from my usual 00 based on reviews  and it's too large  and now my size is all sold out! if it were the right size it would fit beautifully! i'm pretty much a stick  (5'5  105lbs) and it does poof out at the hips  making me look a little curvier  which might be an issue for some. but the quality is amazing  and this piece will spruce up most outfits !
I ordered online and wear xs- m. i ordered a small but it seems big. i have to drive 1+ hour to a store so i do a lot of online ordering. i'm thinking of returning for smaller size. may make a road trip- have several items to return! i hate paying shipping to buy and shipping to return if it doesn't work!
Material and color is nice.  the leg opening is very large.  i am 5'1 (100#) and the length hits me right above my ankle.  with a leg opening the size of my waist and hem line above my ankle  and front pleats to make me fluffy  i think you can imagine that it is not a flattering look.  if you are at least average height or taller  this may look good on you.
Love this jacket! this picture shows the sleeves rolled down  but in the stores they have them rolled up and i have to say that is how you'll most likely wear it as the sleeves might be too short if you rolled them down. however  it is still a fabulous fall coat! it does run slightly large  but it depends on how you want it to fit. i am typically a medium  and i bought the m/l because the xs/s was a little fought in the shoulders. i bought last weekend and already wore twice because it looks gre
I ordered this skirt in a size small and when i received it  not only was it too long  but there was also a hole in it. so i returned it. when a small petite became available  i ordered it thinking it would fit better. i just received it and there is a hole in this skirt as well. both skirts also looked as if they had been worn; there was fuzz and lint all over the skirts. i like the skirt but i either have extremely bad luck or it's really bad quality.
I love the way that this suit looked  however i found that it was lacking in support. i was disappointed to discover upon trying it on  that it just does not cover my butt. it fit elsewhere just fine  but the slim cut up the sides left it a little too revealing for my liking. in addition i found the top to be awkwardly fitting around the chest area. i am a 34b and ordered a small and it seemed to be too baggy at the top.
I followed the advice of other reviewers and sized down. however  the jacket was still too large. it fit fine in the arms but the body/width of the jacket was huge. also i found the wool material to be extremely itchy. it might work if you are layering it over long sleeves but still make sure to size down at least one or maybe even two sizes.
This sweater is beautiful and well made  but i found the cut strange and unflattering. i ordered it in my usual size small  and it was too big in the shoulders and arms  with a lot of fabric bunching up under my arms. but it just fit me in the chest  and would be too tight if i sized down. this might work for you if you are not busty and order a size down from your usual.
Bought the blue romper and love it to bits! definitely a summer staple. i'm 5'4"  105 lbs and generally consider myself proportioned  but curvy on the bottom  and the xs fit perfectly. many rompers have really short inseams  but this one is a relatively conservative 4-5" so i feel comfortable and can dress it up or down. i've worn it a few times and received tons of compliments. it's super comfortable  forgiving  and flattering. i originally purchased it in black in pxs and ps  because at the ti
This romper is cute  well-made and true to size  but i haven't figured it out how to put this on without having someone tie the back ties. which pretty much means that going to the bathroom is not an option while you have this romper on. not sure what the designers were thinking here. i'm returning this one.
The other reviews seemed promising and so i ordered these in a 10 petite. i am 5'4" and the length was still long and would either need to be worn with a heel or altered. the length was not what made me send them back though. the quality is very very nice and the fabric thick  stretchy and well made. however  the body hugging fit and flare make these look exactly like a yoga pant but made from nice material. if i were a bit more confident to wear these outside of the gym then they would be great
The material was a little itchy in my opinion. the fit was pretty big. almost a night shirt. i'm 5' 3"  and i will probably only wear this around the house with tights. i got a small. i purchased the orange color online. stay away if you have an olive skin tone! it's the pinkish it appears to be on be on the website. i'm 130 pounds 34d
This is a great piece  it fits really well and the fabric is nice and soft. it is a good thickness so you don't have to wear a shirt underneath.
I really like this shirt. i fell for it after seeing it paired with grey jeans  but when i searched the entire website i couldn't find it. then a couple of days later it appeared. i was super excited and i'm glad i ordered it. i was not disappointed. the shirt is soft and long enough to cover my waist area without riding up if i bent at the waist. the colors are very vibrant and its quite stylish. i ordered a medium and it fit perfectly.
I thought this was a sweet design but it is too boxy for me.
I love the color (mustard) and design of this shirt! however  the description says it's made of cotton and i was disappointed to find when it arrived that it's actually made of 100% modal ? which is a big difference to me. i also think it runs small ? i ordered a medium (5'5"  125#  34c)  but would have had to order a large if i wanted the look pictured on the model. finally  the modal fabric is quite thin and i don't imagine it'll last too long without tearing. i'll probably keep it because i l
This sweater i bought to go with a navy dress. it is not ivory. it is sortof a blush color???? not at all what i had in mind. the sweater itself is pretty. the back is shorter as someone else described which looks slightly awkward when wearing it. definite return. :(
This jacket is very cozy but i had to send it back. i think it will be great on a taller person.
This top is lovely! high quality yet delicate material and is the perfect weight to transition to autumn. the top is oversized yet flattering. paired with leggings it will be the perfect travel outfit for my upcoming trip. i can't wait to wear it over and over again!
I love the color blocking but dress hangs a little strange on me. love the pockets  thought about sending it back and decided it is very comfortable  i will wear it but not quite what i was hoping for.
I really wanted to love this dress. the pattern is so much prettier in person. i typically wear a medium  sometimes a large in tops. the medium in this dress was too tight in my chest; the large fit my chest but was ridiculously large in other areas. the front of the dress goes up pretty high (for someone with a large chest) and flows down. there is a tie in the back but it doesn't do much to help with the shape in the front.
The top is made well and has a strap holder to keep your bra hidden which is always a nice feature. however the amount of fabric made it unflattering on me. the overall design is fun and i probably would have purchased if it had been more fitted and flattering. i have a medium on in the photo  my measurements are 38-30-40.
Love this shirt! i love florals so the bright pretty yellow just had to be mine. it is true to size  perfect neckline- not too low or high and very flattering. see through enough to require a cami  but worth it. very soft fabric and really comfy.
I was hoping to love this tunic  but it isn't what i was hoping for. the material is cute  but the piece itself is a little too baggy and just doesn't do anything for my shape. just made me look boxy all around. it felt more like a poncho than a tailored tunic. unfortunately  it has to go back.
This is a cute sweater that can be very versatile. i love to wear it to work with a dress pant as well as with jeans on the weekends. it is soft and looks great on. would recommend.
This shirt is really cute but a little stiff. it does come with a slip  but the slip was tight  but the shirt fit  maybe even a little big. i used another cami under which was better. i think think the sizing is off in terms of slip vs. the actual shirt. i got it in the store with the 30% off  so it was a good deal. it does stretch out as you wear it  so it will get bigger and it did make me look a little bigger  but still cute on and for a summer shirt  it's thin  so it does work well in that r
The jacket was nice and soft but it was too short on my torso with a cropped fit which i'm not a fan of that style. i returned it.
I loved these pants the minute i put them on  and was so happy i'd ordered them. but i wore them only 3 times - and only at dinners with friends  not even for full days - and the seams on both legs ripped open! i think the faux leather just isn't equipped to handle the stretch of fitted leggings. i was super-bummed about this  because these pants are so insanely cute. but if they can't hold up to a few casual wears  then there's just no way... thankfully retailer was true to their brilliant custom
I am a 10/12 and ordered the m/l. it's very large! i normally take a large in retailer  but i can't figure out my size in this. it's very wide. i love the denim patchwork detail so i will order the s/m and see how it is.
This dress has a very flattering cut and the style is very cute. i ordered a 4 petite and i typically wear a 2 or 4 regularly. the 4 petite was a great length (above the knee but not inappropriate). i wore to a bridal shower and received a lot of compliments!
I really wanted to love this top when i got it  but not so much. it fit nicely through the bust and torso  but flared out way too much  it ended up looking like a maternity top. maybe because i am more of an hourglass shape. another thing  it was very low cut  i would not have been able to wear this without a cami underneath. the fabric didn't seem to be the best quality  it also had a funny smell too it when i took it out of the package. this shirt was not worth the price. sadly  this was a mis
And the bottom looks like a tutu. first  i have high tolerance for scratchy fabric but this one i could feel it even through long sleeves. there is no way i could wear something that makes my skin itch so badly. second  the peplum part is huge and looks like an exaggerated skirt. finally  the color on the "green one" is darker than in the picture and it does have more of a green than blue tint. back it goes.
Even at a very deep discount  this piece is definitely not worth the money. the picture made me think this jacket had a longer curved velvet hem as part of its design (which would be cool)--which is largely what attracted me to it  but as i discovered when it arrived  that was actually part of the shirt worn beneath in the photo. so this image is rather misleading. the actual jacket is very thin--more like a shirt with an open front than a jacket. the pockets are just loosely tacked inside. for
I have the marrakech vest from the summer and really liked the quality and fit of that  so i ordered this one. fit is very similar. this one is made of a lightweight cotton  and has a similar cut. will be a great fall transitional jacket  and looks great with lots of things--maxi skirts  skinny jeans  long tops with the hems peaking out  etc. i found it tts: i got an xs and am 5'4"  120 lbs. i don't plan to wear more than a thin top underneath  but don't think i could fit a sweater under the sle
Here's an example of lowering a hemline and slapping the term 'petite' on it. too much fabric  was bulky  and ran too small. the fabric was thin and pulled awkwardly over the bust. returned..
I love maeve dresses but there are several issues with this one (for my taste). 1) the fabric and color closely resembles my medical scrubs  2) the zipper is cheap and barely goes up or down  even when it's just on the hanger. 3) the bow is really cute but doesn't make up for the other shortcomings.
This is a beautiful top! it fits like a glove  very flattering.& got lots of compliments.  i am 5'4" and 125 lbs  i bought size medium. love it! worth the money:)
I second that above review who states "worst blouse i've ever ordered"
I was interested in this sweater because i actually thought it was a tunic. the sweater is much shorter than i thought. i wish i could return it. i bought a size large which is my normal size.
I put on this t-shirt and my husband said it makes you look old. he was right. i'm not sure if it's the cut or the pattern but i found it completely unflattering on my petite frame and it looked cheap too. perhaps on someone else it would look different. the pattern is overwhelming and the sleeps are a bit too look and ruched for my liking. it may look better on someone taller.
I so wanted to love this suit. it was gorgeous - the color  the quality  the style  but i am returning and can not recommend it. the sides need to be connected just a little bit higher and i think it would work  but there is no way you could move around in this without things popping out in front. i mean it would be gorgeous to just lay there in the sun  but i didn't feel like i could even walk safely  and i am not well-endowed. very bummed but it's going back.
First off  this shirt is a hd in paris brand  not floreat. i love floreat clothing so that is why i initially bought this blouse. i like the idea and the coloring of the shirt. the biggest drawback for me was that it is completely see through. i just bring myself to get a strapless cami just to wear this one top. please change brand name.
I just got this tunic last night and was excited to try it on. i could barely get it over my shoulders and once i did  it was immediately apparent that it was very tight under the arms and in the shoulders. i usually wear a 12 but listened to all the other reviewers and sized down to a 10. the 10 shoulder seams were significantly narrower than i would have expected. i don't think even a 12 would have been large enough in the shoulders.    very bummed  but yet i wasn't drawn to the colors in pers
I returned the dress because the color was not as pictured in the online photo. i did not like the color.
I am always on the hunt for jeans and regularly buy paige - these jeans are different than the regular paige styles  in all the best ways. they are made with super soft denim that is comfortable and very flattering; the waist is high  so my tush doesn't hang out when i sit - i love them. i am 5'8" and 140lbs and these are long. i can only wear them with heels  but i was looking for a dress up jean and these are it!
I have purchased many different styles of pilcro jeans  and have loved them all!!! these  unfortunately i do not like. i think they run large and the fit  just blah. the waist gapped and kinda had a "mom jean" look. i felt the quality was also not up to standard for this brand.
This might look good on you if you are very tall and slim. i am a curvy medium and this was not at all flattering  it is a straight cut and hugs in the wrong places. the color is not true: it is black stripes on gray (not cream). i thought the stripes might flatter my shape  but alas  i did not look good in this.  the material is very nice  soft and stretchy.
This is huge. i thought it would be oversize but with a bit of shape. there is no shape to this and is a lot of material. i ordered an xs and typically wear an xs or s in blouses  sometimes medium in sweaters.  it seamed like 2 sizes too big. the material is very soft and the collar is nice. there is a ribbon tie at the waist. the tie is wimpy and could be nicer. when tied  there is so much fabric the is gathers and looks like i have no waist.
I ordered this sweater in green in petite large. the color and knit is beautiful and the shoulders and body fit comfortably; however  the sleeves were very long for a petite. i roll them  and it looks okay but would have rather had a normal petite length sleeve.
The straight-leg silhouette is ruined for me by the immediate bulge beneath the elastic waistband  mostly caused by the pockets. their openings protrude out right below the waistband. it's not flattering and while the trousers are not too tight for my hips  they give the impression of extra hips. if not for that silhouette issue  i would keep the trousers  as they are comfortable and pretty  and unlike my other trouser options. not see-through  as i feared.
I don't like how short it is in the back.  i also prefer a solid vs. slubby material    back it goes.
The material that was used to make this top is very thin and poor quality. it feels like the type of material that will disintegrate after one wash. i normally wear an xl and this top is huge and not flattering. returning asap.
I wanted to love this. the fabric and design are very nice. unfortunately - on my petite frame it looked like a lampshade. this would be very pretty on taller girls. for reference  i am 5'3 117 34b.
I usually wear a size medium in angel of the north but this was very small. i would need to have ordered a size large or xl to have it fit. pretty but returning.
Cute bright colored suit a little more orange than pink i prefer pink but the fit didn't quite work for me      the bottoms were a little too big and the top although was fairly well proportioned just didn't look right altogether      purchase the extra smalls in both  and have since returned      i do love the suits that retailer has been offering would just love to be able to try them on in the store   nice quality good colors
This is a gorgeous dress. i got the red version. it's stunning...the zipper is trash however. i'm scared of getting stuck in it like another reviewer.
I ordered these because of the side zipper  but they zip in front  even though the order listing and bag label called them "wine  side zip pants." they were also at least two sizes larger than marked and very flimsy material. what bothers me is that i was charged $5.95 to send them back  even though the product description (and the name before someone changed it on the website) were wrong.
I'm not much for ponchos  but this one looked unique. it is thin  kind of a felt material - that was expected - but i was surprised to find it was shorter at waist than how it appears online   and it was wide horizontally. the colors were more muted and the design was slightly off center unlike pic. the turtleneck was thick and itchy. it was a return.
I so wanted to buy this top - especially during the 30% off tops sale this past weekend - so it would have been just about $100.  but while it was well made  i could see it easily snagging or getting caught on jewelry.    if it was on sale even more  i might have considered it.  it could be extremely versatile  with jeans  black skinny pants or leggings.  really loved it  but couldn't see spending that much money on it.
This shirt was strange. the bow tie was too thin and the dots were too dominant on the shirt. it looks okay in the model picture  but when i tried it on the bow and the dots just clashed.
I was really disappointed when this arrived and i discovered that it's basically see-through.  it's well constructed  it's just a really thin material.
I love the way these jeans look and fit  but they have a chemical smell. i assumed the odor would go away after i washed them  but it doesn't seem to have helped.
I'm a 14 bottom and a 10/12 on top  so i'm curvy  which makes one-piece swimsuits hard to shop for. i ordered a m & l  and while the m overall fit me better  the cup size was still way too big on me. i'm a 34d  and i need another set of my 'girls' to fit into the cups. otherwise this swimsuit is so beautiful!
The catalog shot and model shot are completely different. it's like not even the same dress. the neckline  color  the quality of lace
Much lower quality than other robes i have purchased
I love the colors in this dress  it's very feminine. however  i wish it came in petite because even the xs is too overwhelming on my frame.
This may be one of the cutest items that i have every owned! runs big  i am a 4 and the 0 fits perfectly.
Loved this online  but the xs was too big and the material was too bulky.
The skirt is just okay. the design is great but the material is extremely thin and see through. there is a slip which goes to mid-thigh- very strange and felt weird as well. the pleats are okay but not great. overall  it is not worth paying full price for or anywhere near that. and again  be wary of it being see through.
This dress hangs like a sack. it really needs a belt to give it some shape. i tried to style it with one  but then didn't look right either. i did like the slip that came with it. i'll be returning it.
I love the print and design  the photo does not do it justice. i fell in love with it in the store but could not find my size. i ordered my size online but it was still small and short. it came up to my waist  and was tight in the shoulders and waist. i really wish it wasn't so small. i love love this top  the colors are vibrant and shiny  totally my style. i highly recommend it if it fits.
I love this skirt  wanted to order it from the moment it was new and took em a while to decide to do so (when i saw it was almost sold out in my size  which it is now). another thing is it doesn't come in petite - boohoo.  anyway  ordered the 0 (smallest size) for my 26.5 in waist - didn't have any trouble with the waist being too tight  like some other reviewers. it fit really well and comfortably. sits at the natural waist  so the hem isn't too crazy low on me. fine for heels (would be so cute
I tried this top in both colors. for the black  the lining looks much more peach in person. the main issue though is the diagonal line that runs through the middle of the top. you can see it in the picture  but is much more pronounced in person. it appears to be where 2 pieces of lace are sewed together and it just looks sloppy.  the line is much less obvious in the navy  and looks much more seamless  perhaps because there is a transition between two colors of lace. the black lining is completel
I made the mistake of ordering without checking the reviews. cute design but not as comfy as it looks. returned immediately.
It's such a pretty top but i felt that it looked maternity-ish so i returned it.
Could not wait for this to come and so disappointed.  first of all  it's not a happy orange  it a darker rust.  second  it is huge.  fits in the shoulders and is super comfy and cute but would be a dynamite maternity top.  you could go to term in this blouse!  back it goes.  so sad.
I love these pants. like  obsessively love  like didn't want to take them off to wash them  love. annnnd i wish i hadn't because they came out of a delicate cycle cold water wash with a huge part of the leg seam ripped apart like a spider web. maybe i just got a bad pair  but i wasn't prepared to have to patch them after one wash for the price.
I had really high hopes for this shirt after reading the reviews. first off it runs really small. i usually wear a small or medium ( 4 or 6) i couldn't even get the 6 on. i probably could have even done a 10. the fabric was extremely flimsy. i was almost afraid i was going to rip it taking it off. other than the sizing and the fabric  it just wasn't flattering on me.
The material is beautiful and as others said its a bit fuller than one might think. i am returning because it's high waisted with a thick elastic waist band. not my style - i suppose it would work with a thick belt. as i said its beautiful - just not my style.
Loved the look  fit and styling of this turtleneck. but dry clean only  you have to be kidding?
This caught my eye and i tried it on the in the store today (the green). i found it to run a little bit large - i expected the small to fit  but the xs fit me better (better fit in armholes and also less billowy). i really like the way it looks  but ulitimately did not purchase it today. i might reconsider on sale. the flaws (in my opinion) are that it is dry clean only  the skirt is not lined (and should be)  and it's a bit overpriced for the quality. but on the other hand  it's very cute and f
I bought this blouse in both the cream and the blue. both are lovely. i would say that the size runs a bit large  i bought size 12 and the bodice hangs away from my back  arms fit well though  loose fit. hangs well. the lace is nice and stiff. the cream has some cafe au lait shading on some of the lace so it could almost look stained. i don't think that will be how it reads  though  but fair warning.
I love this top! i typically wear a size small and this is very true to size. it's loose fitting but does not make you look large. the pattern on the material is also fun without being too busy. perfect for fall!
I agree with the other review. the fabric and pattern are adorable and well made. the fabric is not sheer at all and great quality;however  the shirt is very wide. i am a 34/26/36 and the small is way too big. the arm holes are perfect but the bottom is uncomfortably large and awkward in appearance.
I typically wear a size 16/xl in anything from retailer and i ordered this top in an xl. it's more of a t-shirt with buttons than a blouse and it was overall too huge. it's nice to have extended size options but even if i went down to a size l  this would have looked like a maternity top on me.
I thought this would be a cute business attire skirt. i hate to say it  but i felt like it flared out as if i were amelia bedelia or some whacky children's book character and not retailer. the fabric made it look bulky. i sadly had to return it.
Great item and very feminine. can be dressed up or down and fits true to size.
This skirt is beautiful...the color is definitely more a greeny-gold then a true yellow gold...nice quality fabric  has some stretch  big pockets with cute lining  buttons are adorable  perfect knee length  sits higher on the waist. because it's not lined and the pockets are big  the pocket line is visible on my thigh area  so i am going up a size just so i don't see that...if you have less curves  your regular size should be perfect. it has so much character  but it!!
This tunic only barely resembles the photo in person.  first  the color is much less saturated and more orangey than it appears in the photos  second  it's huge. i'm 5'4" and typically wear 2 or 4p in retailerpolgies' shirts/dresses. i ordered the sp and the dress was at least 1.5 times wider than it needed to be. it hung off me completely boxy and shapeless; and the style doesn't really lend itself to use with a belt.
This is one fabulous-looking dress; however  the really scratchy neckline at the lace edge was a deal-breaker for me. i even tried sizing up  to see if that would help  but it was still too scratchy for me.
This dress looked amazing in the picture. i am 5'10 and since the model was 5'9 with the dress dragging on the ground  i assumed it would be long on me as well. even with flats  this dress is an awkward length. the description says it is 62 in length but i measured it and the dress i got was 52. i will say that it's a beautiful fabric and the quality of the dress is great. it just doesn't look like the dress in the picture at all in terms of the way it hangs and the length.
I have a curvy figure and have always loved the way pilcro jeans have fit aka plenty of stretch for butt and thighs and small waist. i was really excited to try their skinny   high waisted version. first  i don't like the faux whiskering on the jeans  i think it makes them look cheap. second  the fabric had more stretch than i'm use to for pilcro denim  and made them feel low quality.  i don't think they are terrible  i just think i should have been more careful about reading the percentages of
The longer back makes this one of my favorite pieces for fall. the navy blue pairs well with the floral accents on the back. this blouse is a little too sheer for my liking  but nothing a cami cannot fix.
Love the cute cat pattern and quality of the blouse. unfortunately the front was too short and the back didn't fall properly. also  i found the arms to be tight. i'm usually an xs and a size 2 in maeve blouses. i would've ordered the the 4 but it's sold out. definitely size up if possible.
Deep purple keeps it fall  flower design keeps it feminine  pockets make it fun! love it and can't wait to wear it.
After reading all the reviews  i ordered up a size. the problem isn't that it runs small. it's that they took the bodice of a true size and stuck it on the skirt of a small size. or if you want to think of it differently - the bodice of a large size on to the skirt of a true size. the 4 top with the 6 bottom would be perfect. unfortunately - you get a size 4 fitted bodice with a skirt that puckers at the back and shows all your flaws (spare tire) or a size 6 that is atrociously long in the torso
So disappointed! beautiful dress in the photographs but the cut was incredibly strange. loose and baggy through the top and mid-section but tight around the buttock and thighs.
Ordered online  and when it came i was very excited to open it - but the photo doesn't show how incredibly wide the cut is. it is also quite cropped and looked very awkward on me - 5'9  130. the embroidery is lovely  but the style doesn't work. i had a small  but the area in the shoulders was cut very tight and it would not have worked well if i wanted to raise or lower my arms above shoulder height. might work better on someone with a more petite frame  but i do caution how "voluminous" the cut
This is a very cute shirt with great details. however  it runs a little bit small. not as full cut as it seems.
I thought this tank would be so cute and comfy for my daily walks  but it's completely see through.  i sized down one size based on a review from another website and it fits ok  but it's hard to say if it runs tts because i have nothing to compare it to.  if the fabric was a little thicker  this would be the perfect tank.  unless your planning on layering this  i wouldn't recommend.
I received this top in white  last fri.  and have already worn it twice. it is the perfect top for hot weather because it doesn't cling to the body. the top layer is flowy and breathable. i plan on buying the blue one next to get me through the warm weather months.
Love the material  pockets  length (i wear petitie - i'm 5'3) etc. i usually wear a medium  but this dress runs incredibly large. i was drowning in it and sadly had to return it. size one or two sizes down if you want to purchase!!
This floral tank looks so cute on. the layered cut is very flattering and i've received several compliments while wearing it. adorable
I built a new wardrobe around the three lovely velvet blazers: moss  copper and burgundy. they are soft  well-fitting  pretty linings and very satisfactory. this new version is stiff material  and ill-fitting. not coming in petite is a problem and it may fit others better  but it is too full across the front. with the stiff materials  this is a bad fit. disappointing and going back.
This dress is so pretty; can be worn casually or with heels to dress up! i get so many compliments on it  and it's so comfortable  it's like wearing pajamas! i highly reccomend it.
I love this brand and the 8 fits perfect. i am typically an 8 in retailer skirts and this is no exception. medium to heavy weight soft denim which is more of a darker denim shade with a wide a-line cut. the pockets are distinct and give the skirt character. it is pretty long and full looking on my 5'4 inch height. i purchased this on sale plus promo and very happy i was able to receive it as it became a sold out style in my size. the hem is a wide stitch hem and gives it a nice look. i look forwar
Cute print on both sides  but far more "cheek" was exposed than i anticipated from the photos. the front isn't too skimpy  but the back is a bit too small for my taste. definitely narrower in the back than a standard bikini cut. too bad :( the matching top is my favorite top  so i guess i'll just have to wear black bottoms with it.
This dress is awesome! love everything about it  except the colors! the pink is ridiculous  it is like pepto on crack  there's no way  outside of being a bridesmaid  i would ever wear that shade of pink. nauseating. i would order the turquoise  but i don't think i want that either. plus the pink was the only color offered in the store  even though i saw the dress offered in black online at one time. why wouldn't you stock the black in-store???? i can no longer get it.    you need to offer this d
The length is perfect. the cut of the hemline makes it off the charts cute. i love it w ghillie type flats or booties. pair w a big warm sweater  or a sleek turtleneck  and watch heads turn as you enter the room! i promise! love this skirt.
This jumpsuit looked so great on the model  and looked so hideous on me. i'm 5'4" and in great shape  and this jumpsuit looked absolutely ridiculous....not to mention it rode right up my backside in the worst possible way. i'm so disappointed!
I saw this dress in the store and loved everything about it. they had an extra large  i usually wear a large  and i thought it would perfect with some leggings. i tried to get the dress over my chest but no chance. my sister who wears a medium tried to put it in too and she couldn't fit it past her chest either. we flipped it inside out and couldn't find a zipper. maybe the dress in the store was mislabeled but the bust ran very small. it's too bad  it looked adorable and i was so excited to try
I love the colors. however  $200 is a lot to pay for a small piece of fabric   no lining what so ever. the fabric is very thin. you will need a slip. looks just like a cover-up. going back.
I love these pants. bought them in both black and burgundy. but the burgundy pair split in the butt before i even made it to work in the morning. they weren't even tight. so disappointing. i will be returning them.
I had ordered another retailer suit awhile back in an xl because my usual lg was not available  and lets say i was swimming in the xl  much to big. so when this suit came up for sale i snatched it up in lg. when i compare the two  the lg is over 4inches smaller than the xl  seems like quite a big jump in the sizing. the suit fits in the body quite well  however it's a bit snug in the side bust area. strangely  the suit has boning on the side of the bust  and also the silicone grip on the top edge 
I love this top. i typically wear small in most retailer tops and decided to size down in this to an xs and i'm glad i did. well made and cute floral design that can be worn year round.
I purchased this top on sale and was really excited about the style. it fit great the first time i wore it. i washed it once  according to the care instructions. after washing it in cold water and allowing it to air dry  it was basically ruined. it shrunk up in length widened out about two inches. i'm pretty bummed about it because it was cute.
I'm 5'5" and i think fairly proportioned (120 lbs  34b) and the peplum hit well above my waist. since having kids i'm a little obsessive about avoiding any shirt that could double as maternity... and this struck me as one. it's a cute too  but once it's on i don't feel it's very flattering.
The material is different than i expected  but i like it a lot. the dress is extremely tight fitting  i will be returning it if i can't figure something out. i'm a 36d and wear a 6  very very restricting in the chest/shoulder area. unfortunately  it may just not be designed for my body type. getting the dress on was for sure one of my hardest workouts...and i crossfit. oh  and the bow does not come off at all  so good luck with that. the red color is gorgeous  i hope it works out.
In general  if you were a fan of the turtleneck swing dress  you'll love the overall fit (tts) and fabric of this. the patterns/colors are also great! my issue was the armholes...they are a bit too large and the opening comes a little too far forward which makes it a little unflattering in the underarm area. i may reconsider when it goes on sale  but it's a pass for now.
Very versatile dress.  runs a bit large i am 5 foot 2 (105 lbs) and ordered the xs petite and it fit perfectly!
Such a great classic top! very flattering! can be worn all year. i bought it in grey but think i'll need it in other colors!
This dress ran large on me. i am a 10  sometimes an 8 but went with the 10. it just hung on me  giving me no shape. the colors are pretty and the dress was nice  but i expected it to wow me more for the price. sending back  may try again if the next size makes it to sale.
My favorite pants  casual and a bit dressier by changing my top. comfortable  classic  well made
This is a beautiful fabric and the skirt is so nice. what is wrong is the cut of the skirt. one side bells out more than the other  giving it an off center look from the front. my legs were not centered.
I was thrilled to find a wide-legged pant in a natural fiber and ordered two pairs - l and xl. the l came first and was a tad too close for comfort so i returned it. when the xl arrived it seemed roomy but after my first wear the fold-over jersey knit waistband stretched out and the pants were dragging on the ground. they seem really huge on me and i now have to wear a belt to keep them up. the fabric also seems to be pilling easily- overall not my best retailer purchase (and i am a huge fan
The fabric of this dress is absolutely gorgeous from the design to the colors. i usually wear a size large in most retailer clothing  but i ordered this is l and xl because these dresses tend to disappear fast in the larger sizes. i ended up keeping the xl cause the buttons pulled across the chest on the l. this dress has a slim cut  and i would say if you have a small bust and are slender  this runs true to size. if you have a larger chest  size up because this is the type of dress you want to fl
I love the colors and style of this poncho  however  the fabric is a total miss.  it is so scratchy  i developed a serious rash within the first 1/2 hour of wering it. also  unfortunately  the fabric is not woven tightly  so the poncho does not keep you warm  the wind whips right through it. it is disappointing that while the styles of retailer have remained top  the quality of their clothing has steadly gone down the hill. i hope retailer will put more effort in bringing the quality back.
Beautifully made pants and on trend with the flared crop. so much cuter in person. love these!
I got the dress with the boat pattern- such a fun dress and very flattering. it is definitely a coral  but i am able to wear this with my fair skin and will probably look better with some color as spring/summer finally arrive. i am only 5"2' so the length is great for me- i can wear this to work  but it would be pretty short for a tall gal. definitely recommend!
I love these pants -- bought them in the mustard color. my only complaint is that they are not colorfast -- i washed them in cold water with other colored items -- most of which belonged to my husband. not good -- and pretty much ruined an entire load of laundry except for these pants. retailer -- please color test your garments. there is really no excuse for fabrics like this to run in this day and age!
So comfortable  fit just right  flattering  beautiful neutral color  but different  love the embroidery  nothing bad about it. that being said  i haven't worn them the whole day  i suspect they will stretch a bit. also have not washed them  so i hope the color stays the nice rich dark gray turquoise  the length is perfect too  i ordered the petite and they fit as on the model (for a change  i have pretty short legs). (115 lbs  26.5 in waist  muscular legs)
I loved this dress on the hanger and loved it more when i tried it on. i am usually an 8  but purchased the 6 in this dress. i preferred the empire waist to be more fitted which the 6 provided. you can decide which look you prefer. both looked good. i just wanted a less baggy look. as one reviewer mentioned  the print is cut different on all of the dresses. i think the colors pictured online are accurate. regarding the snake on the fabric  i have several snakes on my dress  but not on the back a
This is a comfortable sweater dress  and the quality of the material seems good. the solid blue strip down the front makes it look very bland. i think it would need some dressing up with a necklace or scarf. i decided to pass.
Disappointed :-( this top has a boxy shape and looked like a mini moo moo on me. i have a similar shape as the model and it looked nothing like that on me. bummer! i liked the quality and weight (not too heavy nor too light) but shape is unflattering. it's going back.
Love  love  love this dress! the color is a beautiful blue grey  and the peach embroidery has just a tiny bit of sparkle. can be dressed up or down.
This skirt is beautiful- very different. it wasn't all that flattering on me due to the side pockets and back pleats- but all in all is a great skirt! i love the design and the fabric.
This t is so pretty in person. the gold is metallic with embroidered detail. this is my first purchase of this brand  so my usual size medium fit just fine. i am excited to put this under one of my blazers for a casula friday. it is quite unusual and great quality.
This looked so odd on me! i decided to give it to someone with a different body type and she found it really odd too. the sleeve are a bit too long to be short and they are tight at the bottom. the top is really large  as to be unflattering. perhaps it's just that it doesn't work on someone who is petite  but this one is a return.
Love this top. fits true to size. not to boxy   sleeves are so cute! looks very rich. a must have in your wardrobe!
I would not recommend these pants if you have a curvy or athletic figure. these pants seem to be cut straight up and down. the fabric is not soft  the color is slightly more muted in person  and they are not as relaxed as they appear to be on the model.
I bought the stained glass top/bottoms. the print is very pretty. however  the tankini top itself is not well-made. the front of it (chest area) turns out so that you can see part of the inside of the suit (which is white). it doesn't lay flat around the top  and so it shows more of your chest on one side. for the price  i don't think it is worth it. i don't like to wear it because it makes me feel uncomfortable.
This top is gorgeous in person! i got the small because at 5'5"  127 pounds and a 30f chest  you never know how a top will fit. however  this one is big. i definitely needed the xs which is now sold out. i'll be taking in the sides because the arm holes show too much bra and there's a ton of extra fabric that makes it way too blouse. love this shirt though and am not willing to part with it!
I just received this swimsuit today and love it!  i was a little hesitant to order with the cutouts  but i feel it is very flattering.  i was choosing between an xs and s.  i ended up going with xs and am glad i did  i think going up would of caused gaping on the sides.    great suit  only comment is in the description i believe it said the straps are adjustable  but they are not.  also  there is light padding which i appreciate.
I loved this dress the minute i tried it on and am actually really sad that i had to return it. however  the embroidery was unraveling in several places before i'd even worn it  so i thought it would probably only get worse. too bad because it's gorgeous and flattering!
I tried this on  the fit was true to size  as far as no cup size goes (32dd  got xs  was ok). the pattern i like  and was totally fine on my pale skin  but think of it  i would not likely wear this without a tank or shirt... support seemed ok too  i do like the criss-cross detail in the abck. thinking about keeping it  but i jsut don't "need" it right this second... dilemma.  caveat: not been tested in a workout  obviously  since i am not sure i will keep it (may chance it on sale).
So i'm not sure if its just my body type or what  but this did nothing for me. the bottom  which i thought would be too big was actually too small in both the small and the medium (i'm a size 8 bottom) and then when i sized up to the medium it was still too tight and then the top was loose. i just think this one is going to take the right body type. it could look really beautiful on the right person  just not me.
Currently own this in 5 colors after originally buying one. i'm 5'10" normally wear a medium  bought a small in this. best material and fit overall  perfect length for long torso
What an adorable print!  yes  it may be a bit juvenile for someone my age but i don't care.  the toucans are rendered in soft primary colors.  the skirt is swingy but not poufy.  whole dress is lined so thankfully it's not a see through white fabric.  the bodice in medium petite fits me just perfectly (36dd) so if you are slender on top  size down.  agree with the previous reviewer about the zipper  which i find to be cheap and irritating  especially when zipping over the waistband.  worried abo
I tend to go back and forth between small and xs and i"m glad i got the xs... its great and still flow and not huge. to wear alone you need a strapless but i am happy it has adjustable straps. the lace on the back is fabulous snd the colors in this are so lovely! it has olive green and deep orange  two of my fall favs! i wore with my level 99 deep orange linen pants and an olive green little jacket over it. would also be lovely with jeans and booties... a creamy cardigan or a little blazer. i th
This skirt looks exactly as pictured and fits great. i purchased it a few weeks ago and got lots of compliments on it. however  on the third wear  the side zipper split wide open. needless to say  it was returned.
It just isn't that flattering on me. it looks kind of old and dingy  even though it's brand new. it fits fine  but doesn't do much to highlight my curves. it just kind of hangs there. the length is somewhat awkward (i bought the petite version). maybe it would look good on someone tall and skinny  like the model. it's gathered around the stomach area and longer in the front  which reminded me of maternity wear. it does appear to be pretty well made; top part is lined. overall it's not terrible 
This is one of my favorite tanks i have ever worn. the swing style means you can wear it with any pants  and the straps are wide enough to accommodate a serious bra. i usually wear an l/xl but am wearing a m in these  so definitely size down at least once. you will love this!
The blue is a beautiful color  rather unique and it is really soft being cashmere. although  for the price i do feel it should of been a bit more "special". i also feel it's loose lower half feels a bit maternity. all that being said i do like the overall sweater and am keeping it as the color and feel win.
Love the detail of the white with yellow underneath but agree with the other reviewer that the material is very thin in the back. also  it is a flowly top so you will need to size down. however  because of the shape it will fit snuggly around the chest/arms. this didn't work for me as it accentuated my normal body type (as in not the model type). i am not overweight but it definitely didn't flatter my chest area. seems like the top worked for others so i suggest trying on first.
Nice quality fabric and design  but found the armhole cut weirdly and fit of upper bodice strange. wanted to love it but sadly sent it back
I knew i would love this dress  it looked so me ! my order arrived and sadly to say it looks awful i was expecting 3/4 sleeves  these were to the bottom of my wrist. i could have been fine with that but  the entire dress was so big on me. it looked like a sack. i usually wear a sz 4  or s/m this was a small. will return. if you can find one that fits i would recommend it.
Tts and comfortable. this t shirt brings flair to everyday wear and i purchased on sale for a steal!
The quality of the fabric is soft and thick and well made. loved everything about it but if you are ample in the chest  it is snug and does not hang and drape as well like on the model  so you may want to size up. i am sending it back as the fit is not flattering on me for the price. someone with a boyish no-curve figure would look dynamite in it!
I bought this sweater on a whim in the store  without trying it on. when i got home  i decided it would probably lose it's shape and it seemed a big clunky sweater and i planned to return it. a few days later  desperate for something to wear  i grabbed it and decided to keep it - merely to have something to wear that day. i'm so glad i did.    this is a great sweater. layered with a cami  it looks fantastic it does not lose its shape or grow. it is structured  so it doesn't feel sloppy. it has w
Very pretty skirt  makes me feel very feminine and makes my waist look smaller than it is.
I laughed to myself  as i pulled these jeans on in the dressing room  expecting them to look ridiculous. instead  i was amazed at how well they fit  how cool they looked  and how comfortable they were (two sizes smaller than my usual).  yes  this 66 yo woman rocked these jeans!  i love the intricate whiskering  raw leg opening  and worn  dirty wash.  usually i do not like the dirty look  but this is good dirty. try them on:  you may just fall for them.
These are such a great fall staple. the silver color is the perfect grey-olive  and the texture is perfect. doesn't feel like there is extra material like most cords  and they hold their shape throughout the day. the fit is just perfect  i can finally order pants online that i know will fit just perfectly.
Love these! so comfortable  feels like wearing pajama leggings! they're stretchy but don't lose their shape  and the fabric is super soft!
I wanted to love this dress so much! but unfortunately it fell a little short of my expectations. the overall quality of the dress is great! it's very light  flowy  and super comfortable to wear. i just wish it was a bit more flattering. i debated on returning it since it didn't really give me any shape but the material was so darn comfortable and such an easy outfit to thrown on that i couldn't part with it.
This tank is very loose fitting  which i can understand would make some think it runs large. taking into account the fabric and the twisted straps  i personally think it would look ridiculous if it was more fitted. i love the draped styling  which i also think makes sense with the pattern. it's an easy top too...just throw on and go. and the loose fit is perfect for the disgustingly hot and humid summer months here in the midwest.
Very very cute. bought in store yesterday. put it on today to wear and it is huge. i normally buy a large in tshirts. i will return for either a small or medium but will try on in the store. oh well.
Cute everyday shorts. run tts to maybe just slightly small. not too short for this mid 30s mom.
This top is very pretty on the hanger. however  i have a curvy bust  and it was incredibly unflattering on my body. boxy  too high of a neckline  unattractive. the plus sides to it are that crochet detailing is lovely  and the color is nice as well. maybe if you have a 1920's frame it would work.
It's a t-shirt. a very cute print  nice cut  very soft--but a t-shirt. therefore  why is it almost $50???? tried it on in the store and loved it  but i just can't justify $50 for a t-shirt.    for those who will not be deterred by the price: i normally wear about an 8-10 dress size at retailer  and the medium fit well.
I wore this to an engagement party and got compliments all night. it is absolutely gorgeous and very slimming! i got a petite 4  and it fit perfectly. for reference. i am 5'2 and 125 lbs. you ill not regret buying this dress!
I'll start by saying the fabric and concept are beautiful. the top is sheer  but that's pretty clear in the images and not surprising for a lightweight white blouse. the problem is that the arms are more fitted and the torso (not the chest  but the mid-section) is cut fairly wide. i'm 5'10"  140#  34b and usually wear a 4 or a small/medium depending on how relaxed i want the fit. i purchased this in a 4. the arms were workable but slightly fitted  and the torso fit like an 8. chest was as expect
Love the high waist  prewashed softness  and relaxed fit. i normally wear a 27 in pilcro but sized down to a 26. for the first time in ages i have a pair of jeans that won's slide down because of the high waistline. i would never tuck anything in so it doesn't matter that it's high waisted but i don't have to worry about them sliding down over my muffin top. worth every penny.
Sadly  i returned this one. i'm a 36d bra size and this shirt could not handle that. it fit around my chest  so sizing up was not necessary  but my chest caused the straps to shift and sit funny on my shoulders. cute top and well made for those who can fit into it better!
I loved this top when i laid eyes on it online  and in person  it did not disappoint. it is a beautiful and unique top. the color is striking and the style is adorable. i can't wait to wear this with some flare jeans and espadrilles.
As soon as i pulled these pants from their packaging  i feel in love with them. the fabric was so soft - i could not wait to get them on...yeah  that was not going to happen! i could not pull them on - not even a little bit! these pants run incredibly small. i ordered them twice: once in my regular size  and again in a larger size. unfortunately  i am sized out of these beauties.
I've been waiting to purchase this top for some time  thinking it would be perfect weight for fall/winter. i'm pretty disappointed. since i don't live close to an retailer  i typically order a size up to avoid returns and usually end up with items that fit just right or a little loose which is no big deal  this sweater however i was swimming in  like a child in an adult sweater! it was huge! and not to mention unflattering on my short fuller shape. i wasn't impressed with the material either  it f
Love the detail of this top; however  it runs large and had no shape on me
Ugh. i wanted to love this dress so much. i ordered it for a fall wedding and was so excited about it. unfortunately the cut is so very different from how it is pictured on the model. the color and print are the same  the detailing around the next are even more beautiful than pictured. the length  however is so much longer then pictured. and it's not just an issue of the model being tall. the slip is the perfect length (and it's actually the perfect slip)  but the overlay comes down way past my
The fabric is really itchy  i felt like i was wearing a carpet  and it reminded me of the 70's fabric crimplene. this will not be comfy in humid weather. the top also had a strange synthetic odor.it was returned.
Looks nice and i did like the button detail on the collar. colors are nove and the feel is soft. i would probably have to get a petite smaller size.
Love love  love this. it is so different and unique. definitely not something you will see in any other store. wore it last week and have never received so many compliments on one piece. so retailer!!!!!! it was very warm and comfortable. i did wear a turtleneck under this  because of reviews of itching. i did not have any problems.
I didn't think much of this tank while perusing sale items on the website. but after reading the reviews i decided to order it. and it did not disappoint. i ordered the green  which is more vibrant in-person than on the website. and i wore it the next day  which is always a good sign. i loved it so much i quickly ordered the white too. it is flattering  stylish and comfortable - an excellent combination! i highly recommend this tank as a summer staple. it goes with everything.
Fits true to size and has a great shape. i get compliments each time i wear it  glad i purchased it.
Do not waste your money on this.  at first  i bought pilcro hyphen chinos short and i loved it. so i bought this pants in store too. i laundry them yesterday and they both came out colorless. i was so shock.   fyi  i did not use bleach or chrolox  i mean i don''t use them.i will return them both.  still mad. this is bad quality enough worth it.
For reference: 5'3  130#  athletic/muscular body type (broad shoulders  slim hips)  i'm a bit confused on the sizing for this  especially based on other reviews mentioning they needed to size up. i ordered the xs  and i was swimming in it. i usually am quite comfortable in size small  so i'm not sure why the xs was still too big. perhaps you need hips for this dress to work  because it was really just hanging on me and not figure flattering at all. i'm not sure if ordering the xxs would make thi
This tunic is simple and well made. it was not as long as on the model as on me but i am 5'-9".
I was so excited to get this robe in the mail but was beyond disappointed when i opened the package. the fabric is extremely stiff and thin. the fabric felt like something curtains would be made out of and the white background was see through. the robe is very short and cut small in the shoulders  therefore it looked like i was wearing a piece of children's clothing. i also ordered the matching pj pants but didn't even take them out of the package after seeing how rough and see through the mater
This is a beautiful piece that can be paired with multiple ways.. the color is rich and classy
I really wanted to love this top. i got it in xs in peach. the color is beautiful. i wish they had this exact same color in the boardwalk stroll top. the v neck was way too low and i don't want to have to wear a tank underneath. i would be willing to try an xxs but it's been sold out for awhile now and looks like it's not coming back. if the size were smaller  v neck higher up  and the top portion of the dress more fitted  it would be the perfect tee!
Cute and comfy. seems to fit true to size. flattering and roomy on top for my 34ddd shape  but doesn't make me look pregnant or fat overall  which sometimes happens without a waist to define shape. super cute!
This dress might be the most comfortable article of clothing i own  especially for the hot summers. it is attractively loose  and so light that you barely feel like you are wearing it. love it!
Such a cute dress but it runs large. i'm 5'4" 130 lbs and am typically a size 4 can wear a size 2 in certain clothes. i tried on the xs and it was still too big. i would of bought it in an xxs but they are sold out. really a comfy laid back dress that would be comfortable in summer. if they get more xxs i'll buy it.
Was really excited for this dress but should have paid more attention to the material it was made with. for the price of the dress  it felt very cheap. i didn't even end up trying it on after i opened the packaging. the colors were not as vibrant as the picture. as another reviewer mentioned  it was more similar to something you would purchase off a boardwalk. very disappointed and will be returning.
Very flattering fit. a little billowy but i'm okay with that because it hides my stomach. have to wear a camisole underneath as you can see through the lacey parts. overall i love the shirt design  fabric and fit.
I really liked this cardigan when i saw it online. when i received it  i liked the quality of the yarn and the tie on the back  but the color seemed dull and i didn't like the huge safety pin on the lapel. i tried to remove it  but it was sewn on and was worried that if i snipped it off the thread  it might unravel the yarn. had to return it.
Cute skirt but i agree with the other reviewer. you can't get it on! i tried my skinny daughter tried no go!
This romper fits well and is flattering. i love the relaxed style. the quality is quite poor  though. one leg ripped the second time i wore it and the fabric  while soft and comfortable  is fraying and pilling like crazy. after only two brief wears  the romper looks cheap and old. i expect much better quality at this pricepoint. really disappointed.
This top is absolutely beautiful. the fabric is great  the cut is nice  etc... however  the buttons are too big for the button loops  which do not have any stretch. it took ten minutes to open the shirt to try it on. once i had it on  i left it unbuttoned. i returned it. (if you can't live without it  you could put smaller buttons on it.) too pricey for a non-functioning top. too bad.
I got this top in the black and i love it. the bottom is a silky material that's really beautiful  and the cutout details are really pretty. so many of retailer's sweaters are enormous  but this one fits tts.     my one complaint is that the bottom white part wrinkles really easily.
This dress is beautiful! it is a nice  heavy fabric with stretch and just fits perfectly.
Very comfortable. runs a little large. purchased a medium and probably should have gone with a small.
I like the look of this sweater and i am keeping it. however  i found the fit under the arms a little uncomfortable. there is a large seem that goes under the armpit and is a little bulky and irritating. also would not recommend if you are busty. because of how the stripes run  it looks stretched out over my chest.
Absolutely beautiful!! quality is worth it...i agree with other review and also sized down from large to medium for a more fitted look ....the color is gorgeous..lighter shade of brown...so thrilled material does not contain dreaded wool lol!
I didn't realize that there were sequins on the design. they kept poking my shoulders and made the top very uncomfortable. the white material was also not very flattering on me. it went back.
I love love love the soft fabric and the cozy cowl. however mine not only had a giant hole  it seemed like the yarn started pilling as soon as i touched it. love the idea  but not practical  even without a hole =)
Plan to order at least one size smaller than you think  it's way baggy
Too much material everywhere. i am 122lbs 5'4" and i ordered an xs as usual. i was overwhelmed in a blanket of knitted material of muted colors. nice green slip  though. i will return it asap. this is super-ugly.
Love the material (more natural fiber than synthetic)  the pattern  and the colors. also  it is cozy! the one con is that it is really big and crazy-long. so long  that it may be a show-stopper. on the fence about that.
I wore this dress to a baby shower. it fit nicely and i received many compliments. i liked the weight  it flowed while walking and it was quite sweet.
I got these jeans on sale and have been very happy with them. they seem to go with everything - just a really nice basic skinny jean to have. lightweight with a little bit of give. they fit tts for me  and hit about an inch and a half longer on my legs than the model in the picture (i'm 5'6"). i've had them for a couple of months now and keep expecting them to show some wear in the knees bc of how often i wear them. not yet! any marks on them have come off easily in the wash. overall  very happy
I love everything about this blouse except for one thing: the peplum just hits way too high up on the body  and i am only 5'4". 106 and ordered a regular size 2 (not petite) which fits perfectly except for this. it is made of a beautiful textured fabric and is very nice quality. i adore peplums and own many and like the peplum to begin near the waist. however  others may not mind the higher waist and in that case it may work for them. i really hated to send it back it was so pretty but it just w
This jacket is amazing! i at first bought the medium because that is what i usually wear on top. when it arrived in the mail i put it on asap. it fit but was definitely too form fitting to wear a sweater or long sleeve shirt underneath. so i called the store and asked them to reserve a large and that one fit perfectly! it's loose enough to wear something underneath but not so loose that it looks to big. it is so soft and cozy  and the hood is my favorite part!
I've wondered abt this swtr but hesitated to order being it has dolman sleeves. decided to wait for it to come in at the local store. yesterday i spotted it in the store & tried on the orange  labeled 'red' online. i was really looking for the 'cream' but the store did not have it. well  the orange is really much prettier in person. fit is perfect in my usual size s. overall body fit & length is generous  sleeves are wrist length & i'm only 5'3". most likely the sleeves will be shorter on taller
Looks much nicer in the photo. i expected a much higher quality fabric. this fabric truly felt cheap. i expected a nicer dress for the price. the fit was unflattering on me. sent it back
Love the deep purple color of this cardi sweater - long and drapey looks great with leggings skinnies and jeans. my only problem is the way the loose stitching around the cuffs is makes it worrisome. wore once and already starting to get a hole. still a great piece.
These look much cuter in the picture than in person. i found them to be very thin and cheap looking. i am pretty sure you could find a similar pair at a budget department store.
Beautiful color; however  the fabric did not work for me. tight on top  large on bottom.
This dress is really cute and is a lightweight knit that is great for warmer days. the color is a lovely dusty rose that looks just like the picture. since it is a knit material and does tend to stretch out  i did go down one size so that it would be more form fitting. the length on the petite size is perfect for me.
These are my favorite jeans. the fabric is soft but has a good amount of weight to them. all the details reflect a high quality jean. i usually have a very hard time finding jeans that fit my backside and thighs well without a huge gap at the waist. these sit lower on my hips  no gap  and plenty of space for my butt. they do run a bit large though. i have a 29" natural waist and think a 28 would have been even more perfect.
Hi   i bought these in moss for both of my daughters. they love them. the material is substantial and washes beautifully. the fit is straight up and down and is not forgiving on figure flaws. i would recommend this to a thin figured girl.
I purchased this dress for my graduation. the colors are much more intense and bright then they appear online. i'm kind of concerned that i look like a carnival tent. i like the style but the fabric feels cheap for the cost of the dress. the fabric is 100% synthetic.the fit is great. the dress is true to size
Very cute but a little short. currently pregnant so i'm hoping it will hang better in a few months
This jacket is cozy  warm  and very cute  but after the 1st washing (according to the manufacturer's instructions) it began to pill and has worsened each time.
This is a great cut and looks good on. it is a very poor quality material. it balled and frayed in two wears. i returned it to the store.
This jacket is far more attractive than on the website. i would have passed this up had i not seen it in the store. the embroidered sleeve detail is intricate with raised cream colored stitching surrounded by small brass beads on a rich  olive green background. blue detail sets this off as a unique statement piece that will surely draw compliments. i am 5'1  110 lbs. and the extra small regular fit fine. i considered a petite but the salesperson thought the longer length would look better so i w
I got these pretty boy shorts because i was looking for a panty that was comfy for bedtime--pretty but with a fair amount of coverage. i am really happy with them. wonderful with a tank top or chemise. i think the ruffles are a bit bulky for skinny jeans  but i love them for sleeping. they feel special.
Such a unique mix of prints but it totally works. much better and more vibrant in person. true to size. fits more like a maxi on me since i'm 5'1"
Wow.. love this blazer! it's not as structured as some blazers   but the woven fabric hugs in the right places. fantastic addition and great alternative to the good'ol black blazer.. great versatility work to play. nice weight for fall  but will also do well for my fl winter. it's longer than some of my other blazers  but i like it.. with the front pockets as they are  it makes for a unique design that gets noticed. i got the size 4 and i have broad shoulders for someone @ 135lbs.. makes for a n
I bought this to wear to work  but i pictured it as being fancier than it is. the fabric is heavy  stiff sweatshirt material. i bought a small but probably would have been better off with an xs. despite this  it's long enough to be a dress on me  and it is comfortable and cute. it will be nice in the winter and could probably be dressed up some.
I received this tee in grey as gift and immediately went online to buy another!  beware because the color names are confusing. i originally thought it was a mix up in the naming on the website so i ordered the "red"  thinking i'd get the red colored tee. however  the "red" tee is actually a light orange color. the "orange" tee is actually a burgundy/red color.  i ended up keeping the orange colored tee although i actually wanted the red color  because i really do love the quality of this shirt!
This dress has become a favorite in my rotation. the cut and print flatter my body and accentuate my waist. the print is subtle enough to pair with bold accessories.
This top is a lovely combination of rugged and refined and will be versatile wear for a party pared with nice pants and flats to casual with jeans and boots. it appears well made though i had to size up for my broad shoulders but other hh tops fit the same way.
I have another paper crown dress that is a favorite. this dress has the same quality and i love the print  which is somewhere between abstract and almost animal. unfortunately  the fit did not work for me. i am large-busted and need a bra. this dress cuts in at the shoulders and did not work with any of my bras except strapless. also  the waist cinches but without a defined band. this looked a bit more frumpy. again  i suspect the fault is in my figure  not the dress.  for someone with a smaller
This color came out after i had purchased the same in the gray motif. when i saw this one  though  i simply had to have it! it is such a happy print and different color scheme from anything else in my closet. i had purchased the gray one in regular only because the petites were all sold out  but i was able to get this one in my usual small petite size. it is most definitely a better fit/length for me. i don't usually like to pay so much for a t-shirt  but i will splurge for something like this t
I don't usually pay full-price for retailer clothes  but i had a 20%-off coupon and i decided to give this dress a try  as it irradiated a happy vibe and reminded me of books and dress-up clothes from my childhood. i don't regret it one bit! the colors and the print are absolutely beautiful and i love how they mix up and contrast in a subtle way. i really like the long sleeves with the elastic at the wrist. the cord at the waist hangs with a fun mix of tiny beads  faux mini crab claws  and faux mi
Hands down  my new favorite top! love the look of this top! i would say this runs a little big. i definitely could have sized down. however  the flowy style of my usual retailer size works for me in this piece.
I love this top! the colors are beautiful & look incredible with jeans as well as so many of the different color pilcro pants in my closet. it's the perfect between-season item.  since i don't like garments that have a "boxy" fit  i was concerned that this top wouldn't work for me after reading some of the other reviews. but it looks great & feels comfy.
I like this top. it is a nice casual top. i think it looks better on the model because it looks a bit dressy. when i tried it on  it looked good but not as dressy. the embroidery on the side gives the top a nice look. i also like the tie-dye look. the price is high  i got it on sale price. the fabric is a simple t-shirt  the embroidery makes it stand out. i am keeping it.
This top is tight across the bust (i am a 32dd cup) and more trapeze-shaped than the picture shows. if you are smaller busted  it may not flare out as much. also- the sz 10 is what was tight - and i usually wear a sz. 4 or 6  or small-size top/blouse. in the end  this wasn't very flattering as it looked more like a maternity top.
This dress looks better in person. the shape is pretty much straight  but fits nicely even if you are curvier. it doesn't show your imperfections. the type blue and white color is nice  but a bit see through on the bottom and the slip is a little short. came to about mid thigh for me so i would wear leggings underneath. i don't think a belt would look good with this because of the shape and if you have curves. very cool summer style.
I was not sure how this would work on my short stature but it is truly cute. the color is a lovely cranberry red and the weight is light and versatile. this piece can be worn layered in fall and winter but also with crops or shorts and a tee in the spring and summer.
Love this dress? very flattering fit  though it runs big. i usually wear a s/m and got an xs in this dress. the only concern is the fabric is thin  but love it nonetheless.
I loved this dress. it fit perfectly everywhere except for the sleeves. the dress has an overall relaxed fit  but the sleeves were way too tight. i had to send back because of sleeves.
The stone color was nice  but the material is heavy and doesn't breath. if you are partial to more natural fabrics i would go with a different item. upside would be that i imagine this shirt will last.
I love the embroidery detailing on the top. i think this shirt looks better in person than online.    i'm an hourglass shape  and this loose style for shirts often tents out away from my chest  but this top drapes down nicely. however  loose shirts like this aren't my style  so i belt this at my waist  and it looks even better. the top flatters my broad shoulders (meaning that it doesn't make them look wider)  and it hits below my hips (i'm 5'10"). i also appreciate that the armholes are small 
I really wanted to like these. they're soft  long enough for 5'8 1/2 and a nice color cut the rise is quite low and the hips puffed out in a weird way. have to return ;(
I was on the lookout for a denim jacket when i found this beauty on line. i fell in love immediately and didn't think twice about paying full price. i wear it with moss green chinos and it looks really good. the little dots in the jacket are actually a pale green  which gives it extra character. very well made. i was a bit skeptical about the hook and eye fastenings  but they are very secure.     i ordered my usual xl and found it roomy enough in the bust and arms. i would definitely call it tru
It is a beautiful dress but didn't fit me.this is better for someone tall and thin.
I love this top. it has a relaxed fit without being frumpy  and it looks great with boyfriend jeans or skinny jeans and boots. it's a great  soft fabric that doesn't require a cami underneath. wish there were other colors.
I carry my weight on my lower half  usually a large in bottoms. this one in a large was too big throughout especially since it doesn't have a waste band. returned.
This shirt was cute and fit well- true to size- but i felt for the material  it was not worth the $68. the colors offered were a little drab. i thought the grey could work for me  but it didn't. the neck hole looks a little sloppy for a $68 shirt- the roll doesn't lay flat all the way around. would be better priced in the $30-$40 range.
I found this dress on sale recently in store and it was in my size- a 2p! i tried it on and it fits perfectly for my 34 d and 5ft frame. since i found it in store and it is an older dress  there are some frays in the threading (probably from being shipped  handled  etc). i still bought it for the sale price. i look forward to wearing it out!
I ordered this in both an extra small and a small... i found that there was a very big difference in the two sizes- the extra small was true to size and had a great width  but was shorter in length than i would've liked (if it shrunk at all  it would've been unwearable). the small was quite a jump in size and was a little wider than i liked  but i decided to keep that one.     the top was very cute and comfortable when i wore it  however i just washed it once on delicate in cold water and when i
I passed up this dress so many times in the store and finally tried it on today because i wanted a casual dress while traveling in the cape. i was surprised how much cuter it is on than on hanger. i sized down to get a more fitting look and really made a difference for me in style. i was not a fan of the way it looked so loose on model. it looks really cute fitted and a bit sexy even. it is lined and very comfy and can be dressed up a but for work with a cardi. i believe i will get a lot of wear
Bought this dress for a wedding in petite. fits true to size. beading & embroidery is beautiful in person. only downside is that the beads & embroidery are very delicate and damage even when sitting on a chair.
I bought this top in a small and it was true to size. loved that it wasn't too fitted across the back  but was still able to show a bit of body with the drawstring by the waist. it will become a wardrobe staple during the hot months in dallas.
So this is still a pretty cute shirt  but my xs is missing the ruffle in the front and has layers on the bottom front of shirt. it doesn't seem to be defective  just a different version of the shirt. i'm curious to find out from others if they have gotten the same shirt as i have. still deciding whether to keep or not. no more left in xs to place another order and see what's up. i do wish it had the ruffle in front  as that is what caught my eye.
I agree with one of the reviewers that the armholes on this dress are big; however  the garment is tight around my chest area (even though i am not chesty) and lays next to my body perfectly so this is not problematic. i don't feel like they are gaping holes  there is just more area there than i would be used to. i like the fabric this is made out of. it is not quite as soft as i had hoped  but it is comfortable. i would say it is a medium weight-a little more than i was expecting. the flare is
I waited a long time to get this top. unfortunately i will be returning. the sides are gathered and stick out a lot on the sides. not as pictured. the sides should have been pleated. it runs smaller in the bust and when closed it was a little snug. afraid this might shrink with dry cleaning or washing. the design is unique and wish this top would of worked.
I honestly just love the hanky panky brand. i know it sometimes feels a little extravagant to purchase their lingerie  but the quality  fit and style are so good that it is absolutely worth it. this piece is no exception. i don't normally purchase lingerie like this  but saw this chemise and decided to try it. just as the other pieces from this brand  it's comfortable and gorgeous- so high quality and classy. it's a great cut  the fabric is clearly lace  but beautifully done. and the feel is lov
Mine came smelling like gasoline. not sure why  but i would have kept it otherwise. it's a smell that will be really hard to get out. looks like the picture.
This is a beautiful dress. the quality is excellent. the 3 layers and the embroidery are beautiful... however it just didn't look right on me. it looked like a maternity dress. i am very petite  short with a big bust and it just did nothing for me. i think this style would look best on a tall woman with a smaller bust. unfortunately i will be returning this dress.
When i first saw the bees embroidered pullover in the store  it instantly caught my attention. since it was pricey  i didn't get it. when it went on sale  it ran out in my size. so recently i was fortunate enough to get the same style embroidered birds pullover in the store for 20% off the sale price. this shirt looks so adorable on and is different than the typical sweatshirt.
I probably wouldn't have even tried this on in the store  but i took a chance when it was on sale. i put it on and it was immediate love. the fit is perfect. i am between a medium and a large and got it in a large. it is not boxy  but not too tight either. it feels well made.
Everything about the dress is worth it. it's true the buttons are loosely sewn on  but that's easily fixed. i'm a slim person but broad in the shoulders  so i had to exchange the small for a medium because it has a narrow  fitted construction. large-chested ladies or athletic types should size up.
I wore this for a few hours  and while it i got compliments i ended up needing to return it after the seams opened up over the shoulder blades. the fabric is so fine that during the normal goings-about of my day it gave way. and no  i didn't buy too small  and the fabric didn't pull while i was driving or reaching for anything.
This jacket is adorable.. it is very flattering and different. can easily be dressed up for work or dressed down as shown. note: it is unlined and very light weight. these are huge selling points for me as it makes the jacket seasonless. love it!!!
Purchased in a small. usually a 4-6-8. i layered over a sleeveless dress and i felt amazing. great for those tighter dresses. the fabric is sheer but not super see through. the tassle in the back is so creative. it closes enough in the back to not look weird. i have so many plans for this piece. black is the perfect color too. the collar colors are perfect too.
I'm happy with the sweater. while one reviewer reports returning it for being too small  i agree with another who found the sweater- especially the arms- too roomy.
I like this dress very much. the colors are great and the style cute and casual. its perfect with a pair of cognac riding boots and tights. it really is depicted well in the model photo  although i think it may be cut somewhat shorter than it appears in the photo. i am 5'9" and its shorter on me than on the model who  i imagine  is taller than me. the dress is made of a substantial  tight knit material. i found it to be a bit boxy so i washed and tumble dried it  hoping to tighten it up a bit. t
I found these to fit odd. i am also use to wearing the skinny jeans so trying a wide leg was a bit weird anyway. the placement of the pockets and the way it hit my waist was awkward and not flattering. i am usually a 8/10 and the 8 fit but just did not look good.
According to the label  this dress can be hand washed or dry cleaned. i hand washed and line dried per the instructions on the label  and all the seams have completely shrunk and gathered. it looks like there's a drawstring running through every seam. so disappointed in the quality and the labeling. awful! i gave it one extra star because it's cute.
This dress is my personal introduction to talented indian designer  ranna gill. i just love this gorgeous  free- spirited dress! i bought the regular medium for my 5'1"  34f  size 8 figure. it works very well. i will want to wear a black cami  as i'm not comfortable with some cleavage showing (maybe 3/4") and the open lines of lacy  small holes down the front and back. you might not mind showing more skin though and not need a cami. the top is not very see-through  and the skirt is lined. the re
I love this tunic the natural color is just that  this is a tunic so the fit is a little large. i kept it and had it altered because i really do love this top
I ordered the pink and it is the slightest hint of pink mixed with ivory. it fits true to size. the detailing of the crochet is outstanding. it reminds me of seashells that my daughter & i collected last year when we visited san diego. i wish the teal green one would be in stock in xl. i would grab it up. it's not the softest knit  but it's very comfortable to wear all day. very pretty version of a cardigan.
I'm a vest lover of all shapes  lengths and styles so i had big plans for this vest.  in the end  the pockets ended up ruining the lay and line of this vest.  they are too bulky and end up pulling at the front of the vest  drawing your eye to the pockets and not the neckline.  i agree with previous reviews that it could be worn into spring- i wouldn't wear it in summer.  the fit is loose  i thought the medium arm holes were large for my frame- 5'8" 140#.  overall i sent it back.
Great top. i got the size 4 but i ordered a 6 and plan to return the 4 depending on how the 6 fits. the top is really cute but it fits just right and i would like a little more room. when i raise my hands the entire shirt raises up. otherwise cannot wait to wear it and this is a great purchase.
Bought this and tried it on in the store. when i first tried it on  i thought it was off the shoulder but the elastic is so tight  it hurt within a minute of having it on. i got my usual size xs and it fits fine if i wear this as a regular top and not off the shoulder. it has a thin elastic  not the thicker band. maybe some could pull this off for off the shoulder but in my opinion  it's not comfortable that way. i bought the other white off the shoulder top from retailer last month and it's fine
This is a truly beautiful jacket that goes with so much - dressed up or even over something casual. and either way it is comfortable without looking frumpy  soft and conforms to your shape without being sloppy. i would say it does have more of a 'sweater' feel to it but with the zipper can easily pass as a jacket. it's lightweight but enough to keep you warm on a spring or fall day. i would say it fits pretty true to size. i got the ivory during the big weekend sale (extra 40% off) but even at $
I have several maeve dresses that fit really well. this was not the case with this dress. fabric and color are great! fit was off especially in top. worst part was zipper that wouldn't move smoothly. took me a good 15 minutes to get it unzipped. such a bummer!
This dress is sweatshirt material and a lovely soft grey aqua color. i purchased a medium and it is an inch above my knee...ii am so tired of seeing woman my age and much younger in jeans...i am wearing this to a cooking class and it is perfect because it is so comfortable.....it is a great replacement for jeans!!!!!!!
I love this dress. i'm 5'8"  160 lbs and have no hips  no butt and no waist. i have no curves and thin muscular legs. it's like wearing a cardigan and dress all in one. i paired it with ivory tights and dark brown boots and received tons of compliments.
Color not as vibrant as in the picture. skirt is darted  which is not clearly seen in the picture. (assumed would be cut on the bias  which i'm more familiar with in slip dresses.) i didn't fill in the bust and the style is such that it isn't possible to compensate with helpful undergarments. while not for me  i'm still recommending it because it may fit others better. reviewers are instructed to avoid writing about customer service  but i feel compelled to note that the customer service i have
I love that his blazer is soft and not so structured. so great for a business casual environment. the gray goes with everything and is already a staple in my wardrobe.
I&#39;m 5&#39;3&quot; 118 lbs and the 26 navy fit great.  the gray i can hardly button and are less flattering.  i will order another size 26 in gray to see if it will fit better  but also try a 27.
This is a great dress for all body types. the fabric is substantial and soft.  i sized down for a closer fit  but i could have also bought my usual medium and had the extra space to belt it and wear a looser fit. i busted out the boots  a little early  and the outfit was done.  super easy to wear  dressed up or dressed down.  totally worth the price  i'm glad i didn't wait until it went on sale for fear of selling out.
I tried this dress on in the store. it looked frumpy. the ruching was not flattering. the fabric felt cheap. i think for the price there are plenty of other options for dresses than can give you a "wow" look. i'm 5'1" 107lbs and the 0p fit fine.
This runs huge  not large  huge; and hung in quite a baggy way. bought a medium ( 5'10  150 lbs) and i could have gotten an x-tra small. maybe if there were free shipping i would have reordered  but now its just too much of a hassle
It's not as form fitting & hour-glass shaped in real life as on the model. i think they must have clipped it in the small of her back so it does not look so boxy. otherwise it's nice.
Really wanted to luv this top buttt it ran small in arm length & in the front  bottom...backside was perfect coverage...also most important this top is see-through! item as pictured is not accurate!
Lovely. my only issue is that the arm holes are rather large. i needed to wear a tank under so that my bra wouldn't show. very pretty.
Great shirt that runs true to size. i got the turqouise color which is very pretty. it cuts lower  but doesn't show much cleavage.
I really wanted to love this  but it was just too voluminous to be flattering. i am typically a size 10 or 12 in dresses and jumpsuits  and the medium was billowing around me. also the elastic waist hit me low and bunched in an unflattering way. it had to go back.
True to size until it met the laundry! let my disappointment be a lesson -- $80 for a blouse that i no longer recognize. i washed this item as indicated by the care instructions and it shrunk by at least 30%. dry clean this garment  or spot clean at best.
I so badly wanted this top to work. it looks so cute! but  as soon as i tried it on  i knew it wasn't a keeper. i didn't even need a mirror! it's not suited for those of us with a bust (i'm a 34d) and anything but a lanky model-esque frame. i suggest sizing up if you're busty and want to give it a try. it looked dowdy on me.
This dress is beautiful. it is tts  but since it is so flowy  is not form fitting. i am petite (5'4" 115lbs) and this is a lot of dress for a shorter/smaller person. if it were less flowy  i would keep it. the design  material and overall product is  however  amazing! this dress would be a beautiful addition to any closet.
I wore these pants to work and they fit and looked great! however the first time i put them through the wash they became all discolored and are completely stained and now are unwearable. very disappointing. did not spend that much money to wear a pair of pants once.
This skirt is classic  very high quality and even better in person. it runs true to size. the material is slightly thick and will be great for fall  winter and early spring. my only complaint is  i wish it had pockets. i love tracy reese designs. i can't wait to wear this for thanksgiving.
Love this top! i bought it last month in the olive green color and love it. great quality fabric  comfortable and can be dressed up or down.
I really wanted these jeans to work but i am too curvy and not tall enough for them. i just felt like they were swallowing me up with fabric. i am 5'5" and had a stacked boot heel on when i tried them on and they were still too long. i felt like they made me look even bigger than i am. the fabric is nice  not as dark as the photo as others have said.
Once again  retailer delivers a beautiful  quality dress. i love it! it is comfortable and flattering. the material is light-weight enough that i will be able to wear into spring.
This dress is amazing! it fits true to size  very flattering and the fabric is beautiful!  i am 5'4" and it felt a little long for me so i am having it hemmed up one inch  but others may like the hemline just as it is. i like my dresses just right above my knee and it was hitting in the middle of my knee.  just love everything about it and would definitely recommend it highly!
I am 5'4  so i feel i'm on the cusp of petite/regular sizing. i ordered 2p  (about 125-130lbs)  and the dress fit perfectly. it's so pretty (i got blue)  i ordered this for my upcoming trip for our anniversary...i feel like i can wear with sandals or heels  with leggings or no leggings. beautifully made. kind of pricey  but worth it.
This is a great fall shirt. great for dressing up casual wear!!!
I originally bought these jeans in my true size. after wearing them a few times i realized they stretched out quickly making it hard to wear them again. retailer recommended i go down a size and now they are my favorite jean!  they are a little tight for the first 5 mins  and then they are perfect fit wear after wear. and so soft!
I initially purchased this shirt in the grey motif color  size l (my usual size  i'm 5'8" size 14). unfortunately i found the shirt very roomy  but loved the pattern and style. so i ordered a medium and much to my surprise it fit much better. i'm very happy with my purchase.
I was really excited for this jacket to arrive but it's going back. because the fabric is coated  it does not drape or hang nicely at all. i expected it to be boxy but it sticks out so oddly in every direction that it looks horrible. i'm usually an xs and ordered an xs and it looks ridiculous on me.
Cute and super comfortable...so it's the best of both worlds. it fits true to size  but i bought a size up to add a little extra length. love the soft blue color and ruffles.
Love the print and was looking forward to this dress. the length and bust are just right in normal sizing  however the 'swing' effect is all off. there's so much fabric. its like wearing a moo moo. not at all flattering. disappointed in this one.
I am 5' 7" with an athletic build (small chest  small waist  muscular hips/thighs). this shirt just hangs on me and makes me look much larger than i am. i purchased a small  an extra small would be way too short. i could see how it works for fuller figured girls.
The color is as pictured. good quality. it's lined. the zipper in the back makes it look updated. i ordered my usual size. small petite size 6. it fit perfectly. i'm 5 feet and 120 lbs. hourglass figure. i had high hopes. i have hips and short  heavy legs. the skirt only emphasized my flaws. if you've got great legs you will do well with this. i do own other short skirts. but the fact that is less tailored in look makes it better suited for a younger gal. if you're on the fence give it a try. it
This is a great summer dress. i bought this dress in both l and xl because this brand varies. i kept the l because the fit was better. the xl was wider and had larger armholes the fabric and colors are beautiful. lots of compliments  it is lined  highly recommend.
I tried on a regular size at the store  and definitely need petite (5'1.5'  115 lbs). the dress is comfrotbale  and the ivory color gives it a victorian feel. the sleeves are nice a cover the shoulder in a flattrering spot  where hte muscles meet. there is alining  so not see-through. length was too long  why i need petie  also loose-fitting  i would like it more a little more fitted  jsut a bit.
The photo does not do this dress justice at all. it's a light lavender and extremely flattering. i'm athletic so have broader shoulders and hips  and this is an amazing fit for me. also  the front has a small button to make it more modest  which is closed in the photo of the model  but if you leave it open  va-va-va-voom! so  to summarize: beautiful spring lavender  fabulously feminine fit. get it!
I bought this tank to go with the navy wide legs pants shown in the picture.  i bought this top in a 12 and could have gone a size down.  i'm very small chested.  i think that for someone with a larger chest it is probably more true to size.  i wanted the extra length  so i'm keeping the 12.  i'm 6 ft  175 lbs and usually wear a medium or large (10/12) in retailer tops. the layering of the top is very pretty  as is the embroidery.
If i stopped eating for a couple of months or jumped into a time machine and set the dial for 1990 i would really enjoy this beautifully made delicate blouse. the problem area is evident looking at the photo --the tiny tight fitted gorgeous bodice. i will keep this piece becasue i love it so and the apocolypse is apparently imminent and i have hardly any food in the house.
I normally wear 0 in retailer dresses. the bottom is roomy but top from band up runs small. i bought a 2 and love it. i plan to wear it to a wedding.
This is the perfect sweater for early spring; lightweight; but not too thin. i"m 5'2"  125 lbs. the medium fits perfect.
I own some pure and good cotton tanks similar to this in black that i live in teaching dance. i was hoping these would be the same. i ordered the pale blue and it is completely see through and fits tight in the back and loose in the front. i have no desire to have a bra/sports bra show whether out the sides or through the fabric  it is tacky!
I originally ordered this top in the black and it's been on back order for a month. i decided to go ahead and try the wine and i am so glad that i did!  the fit is flattering with a longer peplum to accommodate my long torso  the fabric is a nice mid weight with a very subtle brocade  pattern. the back of the neck has a classic zipper detail. the bell sleeves are not too long and the color is gorgeous for fall/winter. i highly recommend this top for all body types.
I have bought 4 of these  but after 1st wash on 2 of them and they were in a lingere bag  there are little holes on the front of each  now they are bum around shirts. if they go on sale i will purchase  but the material needs to be better.
I ordered the dress on-line. this dress looked pretty  the material was soft and comfortable  the length was perfect  but the zipper was totally out of place. it bulged out in a weird way which made it look like the dress was torn. i had to return the dress. i normally don't see a problem at this level in retailer clothes.
I have been looking at this top online & today i tried it on in the store in a size small and xs regular. i am 5'3"  120 lbs. 34b  and the xs fit better than small. in the small the armholes were too low & showed my bra. this is the regular cut  not even petite (& note i am on the shorter side) & the length was a few inches shorter than i would like. glad i didn't order this online in petite. i love the detail & the material looks wellmade  with the exception of the beading in one spot was alrea
I purchased a small in this dress. 5'6" 34d. i could have gone with a medium if i wanted to wear a bra. this dress is not meant to be worn with one. it fit much better without. i liked the regular length as the dress is supposed to be a midi. this dress screams "summer" to me.
There's just nothing special about it. it runs small and the fabric is itchy. the design with button caught my eye  but i didn't like it well enough to keep it.
This is a really nice fitting sweater knit skirt. the knit is soft and comfortable  heavy enough to smooth out some bumps but definitely shows your curves. i got medium and it's a little snug at the waist (i'm about 29-1/2") but not so much to return it  and it fits the rest of me great. the only thing i wish was that they'd made the slip full length  it only goes about mid-thigh and sometimes when i get up the slip stays up while the skirt falls right  but not a big negative.
So  i bought these pants in mid-september while at a local retailer store - i thought they were a bit short but the salesgirl assured me they were fine. wore them soon after and then discovered they came in tall sizes as well. anyway  one they came on sale i rebought them nabbing the last tall in my size. while that is a testament for how much i love them - the fit is true to size other than the length issue. i am 5'10" with long legs - the 28t fit me perfectly. of course they cost me more than th
Tried this dress on today in the store. i am a size 10  sometimes a size 8. the size 12 was the first size i tried that zipped all the way up. however it was still very tight around my stomach and bust. and then from having to size up  it flared out too much at the bottom for my liking
This top runs 2 full sizes large. had to send back and didn?t want to bother with getting a new one.
The quality and color is great on this top.  the neckline just seemed a be pulled a little too tight on the one side of my neck to be a true off-the -shoulder look.  and to wear it as a cowl neck (or actually looks like a boat neck) just makes it too ordinary- since i love the off the shoulder look.  it fit me everywhere else and the slim waistline of this top is super flattering- so i think my size was right.  the cut of the neckline just needed to be more more definitive one way or the other.
This is a beautiful dress  but the fit was strange. i have a small waist and larger hips. i generally wear a 0-2 in a fit & flare style  but styles like this i generally wear a 2-4 for my hips. even in a 4 this was catching on my hips and looked kind of dumpy on my top half.  i really think this dress would be great on a frame that had wider shoulders and smaller hips. it really is pretty.
I love the rich deep color and the style but once again this brand runs really small in the waist. i am normally a 8/10 in retailer skirts and the size 10 was tight at the waist enough so i could not button it and feel comfortable. the quality is ok  something i feel i would see at another type of discount store. for me this skirt did not work but the color and softness of the fabric was a plus.
The liatris floral top is a comfy sweater knit with floral accents on the front and sleeves. the back has a row of buttons though the top easily slips on over one's head. it contains wool but is not in the least itchy. in fact it has a silky feel to it in its finely knitted fabric . it would be cute with a patterned bottom  like a plaid or dotted pants as shown. doesn't seem to be easy to snag.
I was not impressed upon first taking it out of the package  it was a wrinkled mess lighter weight than i imagined and i felt like it hung like a potato sack. however after i gave it a good ironing and used the inside back tie to sinch in the waist i was in love. it draped beautiful  the blue has beautiful embroidered detail and i love the full length sleeves that can be rolled. i feel iike i will use for many seasons.
Runs large. very boxy. white fabric on lower portion of the shirt extremely thin. it did not look as good as in in picture. very disappointing!
I love the colors of this top. it does run very large though. when i received my usual small i felt like i was swimming in the top  not fitted at all. the material is a bit funky too - seems a little lower quality because of the fabric. will return and try a smaller size if there is one available at the store and see if i change my mind.
I've been adoring this online and while in store i happened upon this blouse and tried it on. the material was sturdy and the beading oh-so lovely  but on my frame it looked terrible. (i normally wear size m/10 in retailer clothes). as another reviewer mentioned  this blouse has rather puffy sleeves which aren't evident in the photo of the model. as well  i also didn't love the collar  which doesn't quite lay flat. if i were to buy this i would have to wait for it to go on sale and then get the po
This is a pretty  yet comfortable dress. perfect to wear to work or out to brunch with the girls.
Saw this in store and could hardly wait to try it on! the print is adorable and colors are vibrant. the material is heavier than i'd like for hot phoenix summers but decided to get it anyway. will be great for work. i noticed that there is a little more room in the chest area of this dress but not a deal breaker. seems to be well made in general and i love the pockets!
Such a cute pattern  and i loved the fold-over design  but beware - there is not enough bottom coverage! i should've looked more closely at the photo - it's pretty accurate in showing the bathing suit bottoms have limited rear coverage. a couple more inches of fabric would've really helped. i'm used to fuller coverage bathing suit bottoms  and these just expose way more cheek than i felt comfortable with. i could maybe wear them around my husband  but definitely not my dad! i felt like if i bent
It's pretty  floaty  feminine; the photos don't do justice to the prettiness. but the photos also don't show an asymmetrical hem. i understood it runs small so i got two sizes  to be safe  and even my larger size was strangely short-waisted  and i'm short-waisted to start with. maybe i could've lived with that  but both the dresses i received have an uneven hem unlike any i've ever worn or seen before. it's not longer on just the sides; the hem is longer in one spot on the front  and one in the
Another keeper! this top is just beautiful  it is so well made. worn with a black cami  chunky necklace and skinny jeans-perfection. the back drapes longer in the back which i liked as well!
Crew stripe sheath fitted very well until i turned around. the waist section  where the stripes wrap around the waist had extra fabric and didn't lay well. i am 5'4"  120 lbs  32c  26" waist  and 32" hip usually wear a 0 or extra small in the maeve clothing that isn't a fitted style. i bought the s  which fit well except for the waist issue described above. this is a fitted dress. i hope this is just an issue with the dress i received. it is a great style idea.
This top looks so pretty on the model. however  the photo is deceiving as the bottom section is quite wide and loose. i am petite but between a c+ to d cup. the top is not really fitted  so my bust pushed the top out and made it look like a maternity piece. from the side it hung way in front of my body. i am wondering if this is clipped in the back on the model. if you are smaller chested and taller  this top might look nice on you. i am 5'1"  105 lbs and c-d cup. i really loved the fabric and c
Loved this blouse but tried on size 8 (my size). waaaaaay too big. tried a 6 - still big - but the 4 was perfect. the only problem was that it did get a bit shorter in length but also ended up a little more fitted which i really liked.
This top is true to size  although i am a little nervous about washing it... hopefully it won't shrink. it is super think so great for hot days but because it's so thin  i'll be careful. i have white and am def. going to get more colors. i am 5'8'' 128lbs and purchased a small. i think medium might cut to low in the v  but haven't tried it yet  let's just say if it shrinks after washing i will get a medium...
I like the design and the color of the cardigan (i got green). i like the details on the back. the cardigan is tts  the shoulder width and sleeves length seems perfect (for reference: 5'7"  125 lb  got size s).    the problem for me is that the cardigan is not as long as it looks in the photos for the rose color; the pictures for the beige show the length more accurately. it may work for a smaller lady  but i like my cardigans a bit longer and cozier.    also  it is not just that the material is
I'd recommend getting this top- but only after understanding its limitations. it's beautiful and i bought it even after reading the other critical and accurate reviews because i so loved how it paired with the skirt. unless you size down the rigid form of the embellished straps will lie funny  and the rest of the top fits bizarrely as it is both short (it could almost expose the bottom of your stomach) and has lots of fabric so it almost flows out all around you (accentuating your stomach and ma
Not up to retailer standards! fabric quite thin(you could see nude-color bra through the white one) and thin fabric  wide bottom hung sloppy; no way i would feel "well dressed" in this top. i returned it.
Nice lines  just a bit tight if you have larger / more muscley shoulders.
I ordered this dress in my usual sz 2 it seemed to be tight on the hips   then i tried the next sz 4 and it was tight because  i realized that the lining was very sticky  and would bunch up underneath making the dress look defective on me  not for curvy on bottom. i think if you are more slim down below this will maybe work but i had to return for this reason. i was considering cutting out the lining because it was so cute  and i really liked the look of the dress  if it goes on sale i may purch
I was on the fence about keeping but the more i tried it on  the more i liked it. i feel like it will be a great winter casual top the reason i was on the fence was because its pretty big. i'm 5'4 and 108 and the xs is pretty voluminous on me. it's just so darn different and feminine though that i'm going to live with the fact that there is so much material. i think it is still cute. the fabric is also really soft on the inside so it will be cozy too.
This dress looks cute in the picture and i was hopeful since it was actually silk. i'm tired of paying close to $200 for dresses that are polyester or viscose. that being said  this dress simply had too much going on. the fabrics aren't only mixed  but there is also a faint underlying pattern on the fabric that is the same shade of the main color of fabric. it was simply too much and the black lace trim made it look kind of cheap. my real issue is that although the dress itself ran big  the uppe
While i loved the material  color and concept of the dress  it was much too large and sack-like. i'm 5'2" and 108 lbs  pear-shaped. i purchased the regular xs given stated length in the description. while the length was just right  it was just much too large throughout. i'm not sure that even an xxs will help so sadly  this will be going back.
5'7"  34c  28 jeans  size 4 dress. fell in love with the pattern in particular  knowing the design might not work best for my body. ordered the size small - it was not unflattering - but it did nothing for my body type. if anything  the excess fabric made me appear wider and made my waist non-existent. the trouble was that the skirt portion has the elastic band starting high - approximately right under your chest - almost like an empire waist (this is hidden by the flap of material hanging over
Great colors  style and fit
I usually buy a pair of these kind of pants every year from this brand. they are lightweight  sturdy and very flattering to my curvier body. this brand can run big  so i usually buy a size 2 rather than my normal size 4. i was going to wait it out and let someone else try them first  but then i caved and ordered them in two sizes: 26 and 27 because they didn't label them 2  4  6 etc. anymore. these pants still look well made and have cute little details  but they are bigger than ever!! the 27's
This dress makes me feel like the princess of fall. it is very slimming. the colors are much brighter in real life. they look pastel here but are more pronounced. love this dress!
I wasn't immediately attracted to this shirt  but decided to try it on. i loved it on!  it is comfortable and very flattering. i'm a small person  and the length wasn't overbearing on me. it was full  but the stitching around the chest gives it shape and is flattering to a smaller chested person. i'm not sure how it works on a fuller person  but my guess is it may surprise you!
I wished these fit a little better. unfortunately  they were a little tight in the thighs and if i didn't pull the waist of the pants up  i had sagging crotch and the pockets hung out. needless to say i made a return.
I love this dress. the colors are beautiful. i find it hard to find dresses that are knee length and with sleeves and flattering. this is all three. my only complaint is sleeves are a bit long but overall...awesome!
The shirt is very soft but it felt very large and unflattering. the back felt bulky and looked awkward. definitely returning.
I like the cut and look of this shirt  and tried on the xs (fits 115 lbs  30ss chest)  but i find that the t-shirts lately are kind of thin and see through... the shirt is fun  and the color is adorable  but had to pass as i could see my bra too clearly for my liking.
Soft and feminine  pretty pastel colors  very romantic. the fit is flattering and feminine  the fabric is light  the lining is soft. color is pale and i may need a little brighter colors  but i might let that pass... i am on the fence only based on color  otherwise  gorgeous dress. the 0 fit me well  but the back touched the ground  so i would probably order petite (front is higher  so no issue there).     30 dd  26.5 in waist  115 lbs for reference with 0
This dress is adorable but sadly not for me. i had to size up from my normal 6/8 to a 10 regular to make sure all my curves fit in comfortably. sadly i wasn't in love. the bow back hit me right to cover my bra but the fact mine didn't come with pockets as shown was a disappointment. it will be going back.
I just loved this when i saw it in store. beautiful fabric  lovely color. i ordered a small petite because petite xs was sold out. i imagine it might be a little better if it were a size smaller  but there is sooo much fabric in the pleated bottom  unless you are blessed with exceptionally long legs  it might end up looking like a witches coat. at least that is what i was told by my daughter.
A sweet tunic with the distinctive lace hemline. the length is great - just right to wear with skinny jeans or over leggings. not too long but long enough for comfort over leggings! more of a boxy fit (just as expected). wore it with my skinny jeans and short boots and got many compliments.
This fit me perfectly with a little room but think it's meant to be this way so easier to get on and off. this feels like a dream and is very good quality. definitely a heavier piece but i like that. it is so very flattering and drapes beautifully to hide my tummy. the back is adorable too! retailer hit it out of park with this one! grab it before it's too late! i'm a 36ddd and size 14 and the large fit perfectly
I love this skirt! so soft and comfortable  i wore it casual with black nike sneakers  a black loose turtleneck top and a moto leather jacket. i tried on the m and l and went with the m  so i would say it is true to size because that is what i usually wear. i'm 5'9'  145 lbs  nice thick fabric  but not heavy  good for cool weather.
Very comfy dress that you can wear in the summer if it's not too hot and in the fall/winter with boots (tall or ankle).
The length of this dress is bizarre.  i can't decide if it's supposed to lay on the floor or not touch it at all - i'm not sure if i like it either way.  also- at this price point  i would have hoped to have the included under layer to not be so transparent.  if you buy this dress  be prepared to invest in a slip and then have the slip tailored to match the high low hem line so that people cannot see your underwear.  the netting and details in this dress are beautiful but delicate- the one i pur
At first i was interested. i liked the color  the soft tencel fabric  the cut in the back. it was all good. they didn't have my size in the store so i had to order it. when it arrived in the mail it was folded up and wrinkled. i tried it on and it looked like a lifeless unstructured blazer. i sent it back.   all in all  it is cute and fun for warm weather. it is definitely a casual blazer. i'd probably wait for a sale on this one.  it does run tts.
Most peasant tops have a lot of detail at the chest  such as gathering  yoke inlay  ties etc. i like this peasant blouse because it has a simple top part  so it does not add volume to the chest. good for busty figures. pretty top  though colors a bit more autumnal than pictured.
This is absolutely huge.  it felt like it was at least 2 sizes too big - the empire waist wasn't even semi- fit.  36d chest and size small was like a tent.  however  the embroidery was beautiful
I loved this top when i saw it online. i was able to go in the store and try it on and sadly  it is not the top for me. if you have a large chest  then this top will gather at your cleavage and give an awful appearance. the fabric falls in and even the sales associate agreed that it was unsightly. if i were an a or b  this probably would have worked. i should have known to stay away from a pleated top.
Wow... i'm in love!!! when i first saw this i put it in my cart... when i went back to purchase it  it was sold out in my size... i was so bummed. i kept checking back and saw it was restocked so i quickly ordered it... thank heavens!!! when i first took it out of the box i thought it might be too "grandma-y" of a design... but i was wrong. it's just gorgeous! can totally be dressed up or down. so flattering. love love love it!!!
The skirt is not as form fitting as i had hoped. it is a lot of material that is flowy and billowy  not straight and pencil-like as shown as in the pictures. the material and design is just okay- not super wowed by it. i did size down but feel like i might need to size down even more to get more of a fitted look.
I am a 10 m and got the 10. it fits perfectly and there is room in the bust (i'm 36/38 c). the shirt feels very nice and silky up to the skin. i'm just not sure about the print- i got the umbrellas. it's cute  but maybe a little too cartoonish? it does look good with a green or blue puffy vest for colder days...still trying to decide if i should keep or return  but only b/c of the print. i'd love this in some solid colors!
This runs small  i got the size 3 which fits like a medium  not a large. its a bit of an aline shaped knit in a beautiful saturated navy. i loved the elbow length sleeves. i have a large 34g bust and although this fit  it came to the top of my waist and i'm short-waisted. it's a great basic for someone less busty or who likes a shorter length.
I purchased these pants while on vacation because i thought they'd be the perfect addition to my comfy travel wardrobe. on my second wear  i happened to be on a long-haul flight when the entire side seam split about a food long on my upper  outer thigh. luckily i'd packed a back-up dress. the pants weren't tight at all  but the seams wren't strong enough to handle a little pressure from sitting i guess. poor construction. i would not recommend these.
I ordered this blouse because it was such a good price on sale but should have paid closer attention to the reviews. the slits on the sleeves are much more noticeable than in the photo and the blouse just didn't work for me. something about it reminded me of seinfeld's pirate shirt. i appreciate retailer's return policy. i took it back to the store and got an immediate refund on my cc.
I ran into retailer to actually return a dress and saw this hanging in the petite section and had to try it. at almost 5'4" i can sometimes go between regular and petite sizing. and thankfully i could grab the petite with this dress. (they didn't have the regular size) it's airy and summery  i love the design of the swing. it's loose  but not tent like. the length came to about 3 inches above my knee. it's not see though at all! i had black bottoms on and you couldn't see them. another plus it tha
I really wanted to like this but the fit was just off. it made me look like i was very pregnant and i usually wear loose and flowy tops too. this one was just too much material. i am usually an xs and that was the right size for me. i thought about taking to a seamstress and having some of the material taken in  but decided in the end to return because i just didn't love it. the pink color and the fabric are nice   though there were several hanging threads too which is why i gave quality a 3.
I should have exchanged it for a smaller size  but i wanted to wear it  so my mistake. i tend to wear size 12-14  and the large is entirely too big. it also had piling right out of the bag. but it is just so soft that i tore the tag off and wore it anyway. if you get this  size down for sure.
These are my all time comfiest shorts and i am obsessed with the lavender color. sadly  using free and clear detergent on a cold  delicate cycle made the color turn splotchy  and they are unwearable. this happened once and i exchanged for another pair  but i'll be returning this pair. i'll be sad to see my favorite color go  but there is obviously a defect in the dye used. maybe i'll try another color!
Confused and a little disappointed because the s is too tight in my shoulders and the m is too big all around.  weird because i'm a 39" chest+breasts so m shouldn't look that baggy on me.  please sanctuary  make a petite version  maybe that will solve my issue.  otherwise  this jacket is soft and relaxed and has no distracting collar.  price point is bit over indulgent for what it is combined with my issues.  who knows  maybe i'll try again?!?
Picture definitely does not do this vest justice.  i saw it on a rack and had to try on and instantly loved the look and feel.  i am 5'9" - 135 lbs - size 6 and the small works for me.  the vest will work with ivory  black  grey  and red underneath.  i love the little bits of fur sticking out of the seams.  the back has fitted seams to give it a trim look.  there are small pockets in the front as well.  definitely worth the 108$ asking price.
....but not for me. i usually try to buy petite sizes since i am only 5ft 0in  but this was just too pretty to pass up so i took a chance and ordered a regular size xs. right out of the bag  i was impressed with the colors and fabric of this romper. however  i did not notice that the entire back was open until i put it on. from the pictures  it looks like there is a small opening  but when i put it on i was exposed all the way down to my lower back. this may not be the same for a taller person s
The concept of this top is edgy for a sweatshirt fabric. i think it works better on a thin frame instead of my curvy frame. although i appreciate the design  it did not work for me.
Love this turtleneck! it's perfect for fall and to layer. i'm usually an xs in things from retailer and this is no different. i definitely recommend.
I get that it's a swing style top and supposed to be loose but it looked so much bigger on me than on the model and just not flattering at all.
I tried this dress on in the store and ended up ordering it online during the dress sale. it is extremely flattering and really accentuates the waist. it is very comfortable  and made of a nice  soft fabric. i am a 34a and it just barely reveals a tiny bit of cleavage so i don't find the neckline too low. i plan to wear it with tights and booties. i am 5' 4" and the regular xs comes to a bit below my knees. going to enjoy wearing this lovely dress!
I'm 5'8 128lbs and bought a size 2. i loved this dress  but didn't expect to have to go bra-less or wear a tube top under. the top lands much lower than i expected but the rest of the dress was lovely.     i ordered a size 2
I absolutely love the look and fit of these jeans. i did have to size down. i ran into problems after washing. the fraying on one leg was twice that of the other  looking very unbalanced. after looking closely i found that one leg had a top stitching very close to the fray to prevent further fraying. the other leg did not have this stitching  thus the fraying double in size. i have sent a request to customer service for a replacement pair. these are adorable jeans just be sure to check for stitc
These jeans fit perfectly. however  the distress at the knee was a bit too distressed for my taste. i would recommend these jeans for a younger demographic.
I ordered this skirt because it looked cute and versatile. when it arrived the pleat in front (shown in the center) was far to the right so the overall look was crooked. not sure if it was a quality control issue or if that's the true design but it will have to go back. too bad because i had high hopes!
Although the weather is getting warm in ca  the gold color and cut of this shirt made me want to buy just one more long sleeved item--and it didn't disappoint! i'm actually looking forward to next winter so i can wear it again!
In the photo  this sweater is very appealing but in person very disappointing. i am 5'7  always take a size medium but on me  the sleeves were far too long and the sweater just didn't fit properly. the collar doesn't fold right in the front and it hangs awkwardly. if you try to use the button  it stretches and looks terrible. in the back  it falls short. it's going back.
This top could've been one of my favorites ever. i ordered the rose option and was planning on ordering another color. the fabric is super thin but i was able to wear w/o an extra tank. unfortunately after 2 wears  several small holes appeared around the neck/under the ruffle. i washed this top on hand wash cycle and hung to dry. when i came to read the reviews  i noticed i wasn't the only customer with this issue.
I was bummed about this top. detail on back is pretty  even so  not worth it. i'm usually an xs i'm  120 lbs and it fit true to size. guess i had higher expectations. i'm feel consistently let down with what the pictures convey and the actual item when it arrives in person...
This is a great throw on and go dress. it would work great with a sweater and tights or by itself in the hottest of weather. it looks a lot less awkward on than the picture online indicates.
Can dress it up or down and still look good in it! i wear leggings under it to keep my legs warm since the material is thin and i live near the ocean. this is my new standard summer dress! i bought an xxs since i am petite weighing 95lbs and stand 5'1"
I took this in a large. im a 36d 140lbs. this top in a large fit me perfectly without a bra. slightly see through but not by much... i haven't tried it with a bra on yet  but im sure it'll be just fine.
This is the perfect lounge/sleep cami! i am 5'1'' 120 lbs and purchased the dark purple small. it's hangs a bit loose - my preferred fit for sleeping shirts. good quality  easy washing (machine/delicate)  and cool and airy for hot summer nights.
This bunches up too much  and the fabric is even more see through than i expected (so even with a tank top under it  it's not a good look for work). even unbuttoned at the top  i could barely get this over my head!  this one is going back.
The sleeves on this top always caught my eye every single time i was in a store. they never had my size to try on  so when a free shipping offer came up  i ordered the ivory top in a size large. well  the sleeves are indeed stunning  but that is all that is attractive about this top! the rest was a plain  blank  white canvas. in fact  that's what it felt like to wear it -- like i was wearing a tent or an artist's canvas on my chest. yuck! how can this designer put so much thought and care into t
I love this dress. it's an unusual material and really adorable in person. the problem was that it runs so large that i couldn't make it work. i'm usually an xs regular. the xs swallowed me. so then i ordered it in a pxs and pxxs because i really wanted it to work. only the pxxs fit  but it was so short that there was no way i could make it work. and i'm only 5'1". i am 51 years old so i am not comfortable wearing ultra short dresses. maybe a person who doesn't mind really short would be able to
Unfortunately the dress is pulling apart after the first wash ( gentle hand wash cycle). also  there are no bra-straps holders  and my bra straps did show up a lot...
Tried the xs on in store from an online return  loved the tailoring but the shoulder seams were a bit tight and i'm usually a s in most tops. ordered the s and while it was flowy like some mentioned  it was still tailored on top & flattering. also versatile - wore it with wide leg denim & wedges as well as cut off shorts & boots. my only complaint is as the others mentioned  the almost immediate pilling even before the wash. sad about it because i love it. will keep and give a little extra tlc.
I had been waiting for this skirt to go on sale as i fell in love with the style and print on the website. however  after receiving it in the mail i was disappointed to find that the cut was all wrong for my body type. i am 5'6"  size 4  hourglass/athletic. the xs was too big and made me look like i had no shape. would be cute on a girl with no hips/booty but unflattering on hourglass figure.
I love the details and design of this top- my only issue is the top is a bit too "flowy".
These are my favorite flare jeans! they have that lovely 70's style and go with everything and look great all year round. the fit is perfect. my all time favorite jeans.
Beautiful dress; however  the top was small for my chest and the rest ran large.
This top fits like shown in the pictures. however  i bought the rose color and thought it was a little "off". would have loved to find the ivory in my size.
Had to send back for exchange. way too big. i'm very excited to get a smaller size because they are really beautifully made.
I thought the sweater itself was beautiful  but found the fabric to be stiff and itchy.
I'm surprised to be unhappy with this... reading all the rave reviews. but  i had a different experience with it. the cut is funky... and seemed much more tapered on me than on the model in the picture. i think if you're very slim  this may work well  but for any curves or hips... not so flattering... imo. i think it's a pretty jacket... but not for me... it's going back. and ps... i paid $448 for it and see it's on sale for about 1/2 that just a week later. the discounted price may be a good de
I ordered the romantic floral in s and xs to try on at home and just love the print! the fabric is so pretty and unique! others have mentioned how "thin" the fabric was but i thought it was pretty standard for a bikini/swimwear and had no complaints myself. there are removable cup liners so nothing can really show through the top. the sizing was tts and the xs fit me best. unfortunately this bikini will be returned because the fit is a little off. i love the thicker strap at the bottom of the ha
Pretty tank  embroidered flowers just as pictured. slightly see through so that a cami would be a must. for the price  should be more of a show stopper...unfortunately just average.
I just purchased this cute top at my local retailer store and definetely the size is way off! in blouses i wear a size 6 (small or medium) with a 34b bust  tall and slender and i had to purchase a size 12 (what????).    overall so cute and could not pass it up. good luck. try it on before purchasing.
Sooooo soft! not a ton of shape but very versitile and warm!
Uncertain about sizing i got both the 4 & the 6...both made me look like a no-asser :( neither fit quite right in the leg. both hit at a weird point in my calf  not cute-short  just off. (i'm 5'8" and 125#) to quote my husband  "nope. not feeling these." that said  they feel great on  seem to be made well  but are heading back to an retailer near you :( sigh. the quest continues :)
I was really excited about this dress. i had only seen it online and it looked like the perfect transitional piece  casual or dress up. when it arrived in the mail  the feel of the fabric was great and i slipped it on and it was so comfy i felt like i was wearing a nightdress. unfortunately it hung like that  too. the material sags in places it shouldn't. i have a 5'8" 125 lb frame  and i ordered an extra small  and both my husband and sister said it was unflattering and urged me to send it back
This dress is a bit longer than photographed but i was totally ok with that. the skirt is also a bit fuller which makes the dress more formal. it's really well made and great material. i'm 5'6 123lb and bought a size 4.
This top is adorable; fits like a glove which makes me a little nervous...there were no washing instructions attached so i will hope for the best. the quality of your garments are always excellent; its only the risk of buying on line (sizing) which makes me hold my breath until i can try my order on. it is a joy to get items that fit from retailer  my favorite online store!
First of all  this skirt is as cute on as it is in the picture. very flattering. i am a curvy gal on the bottom and this is flattering. that being said  it runs small. i purchased a large which is my usual size  and i need another inch or two all over to make it work. part of the problem is the material. it is a very heavy  durable upholstery like material. there is absolutely no give to this. it is a very stiff material as well -- more what i would expect on a sofa than on my skirt. the skirt c
This dress is not what i expected. the bottom half is wool-like material-looks like someone has worn it. the top snags easily so you must be careful when wearing jewelry. when i received the dress i noticed there were two small holes under the arms. i wouldn't of paid full price but for the amount  i sewed up the holes and packed it away for winter.
I had such high hopes for this jacket based on the photo  i even waited for it to come back in stock. the detail is beautiful but it is shapeless and boxy. for reference i ordered xs  and i am usually a 0/2 on top (small chested). it might look better on someone with a larger chest but looked like a sack on me. so disappointing.
Dress runs small esp where the zipper area runs. i ordered the sp which typically fits me and it was very tight! the material on the top looks and feels very cheap that even just pulling on it will cause it to rip the fabric. pretty disappointed as it was going to be my christmas dress this year! needless to say it will be going back.
Love this dress! ordered a 0p and it fit perfectly.
This top is really cute  but the threads underneath the shirt scratch your torso. i suggest wearing a tank underneath to protect your skin.
I got an xs in this suit.  i am 5'1  100#  a32.  this was much much too small.  it was very tight around the chest and i am only a 32a.  it is  however  a good looking suit.  i suggest sizing up.
Overall nice material and styling but be prepare for it to be huge. i purposely sized down and i still felt like i was swimming in this.
I loved this dress when i saw it in the store. the colors  weight  fabric. love. love. love.   unfortunately i have to agree with other reviewers  the pockets and the positing of the draw string made my hips look unflatteringly large. i tried on a size 0 petite  which is my usual size. all flowed nicely except for when you get to the pockets. truly disappointed as it was beautiful in every other way. but in the end  i had to pass.
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it in the catalog and ordered it immediately. i was a bit disappointed that the dress is a little lighter than the pink showed in the catalog but it didn't deter my liking it because it's still a lovely shade of pink. the fabric takes a bit getting used to though - i thought it would be silkier but it's really a thicker fabric. i ordered a size small and i usually wear size 4. the dress drowned me. so i returned it for an xs  which fit me beautifully. so
I wore this to my retirement party; i wanted something special for a once in a lifetime event. i wanted something that was dressy  while also being unique so i wouldn't look like everyone else. almost without exception  from my boyfriend to everyone i talked with  mentioned my dress. the design is so unique  making me feel even more special on my special day. it's beautiful  yet comfortable. the stretchy sides made it feel snug without pinching or discomfort. really a fun dress to wear. i'm sure
The print is very pretty but the fabric is stiff and it runs way too big.  looks great on the model but awful on me.
This shirt was tent like on me and there was really no way around it. i am fairly small- usually a 4 or 6 in tops  and smaller on top- barely 34b. this top was incredibly unflattering  falling to cut right at my hips and sitting open and way too flowy-- like a pillowcase/sacklike fit. there was just too much fabric here to make it work for me. it's unfortunate because it looks adorable in the product photo and i love the plaid mix with the open shoulders- a nice transition to fall. unfortunately
Well made gorgeous skirt that can be worn with heels and lace top or tee shirt and big jewelry. true to size. i am a 2/4 and the extra small was great. poofs out a bit but not like you're a fairy. i would say the blue (which i ordered) is more of a seafoam / mint green which is also lovely and spring time.
This top is beautiful in color and fabric. unfortunately just didn't work in the breast line. gapped and there was just nothing i could do to make it hang correctly. i'm not really large in the chest area (38b) but the large just didn't work. had to send it back.
The fabric is super soft and comfortable and the look is cute  however the drape on the front crossover is not great and doesn't flatter well. the shorts will probably run a little on the short side for some - i'm very short (5') and the length is great for me but i'm guessing not for the average height.
Ahhh  i should have listened to previous reviews. indeed  this top runs very large. style wise  it is ok. i would say you could do much better at retailer.
I can't wait for the first signs of fall so i can wear this! the fabric is a nice light weight and the fit is very flattering. as another interviewer commented  it can also be worn as a dress. well worth the investment!!
This dress is gorgeous and feels so soft! looks great with booties and flats! can be paired with so much! jackets  scarfs  long necklaces! so glad i bought it! i did down size to a small from my usual medium! and got the regular instead of petite! fit great
This top is lovely! i wanted so badly to make it work for me  but it is just too short and makes me look broad. i am 5' 11" and have a long torso  and the keyhole where the tie is gapes (fixed that with two safety pins  though - and would have stitched it shut if i was keeping this lovely blouse).    the fact that i cannot lift my arms up without flashing my tummy to the world didn't even deter me enough to return it.    but the overall fit was just boxy on me. it made me look larger overall. fo
I am 5'4 and a curvy girl and find this dress to be super flattering in fit and length. i got a size 14 which is my typical size. the slip is a little tight in the bust area for me so i find it easier to put on first and then the dress over which is possible because it snaps in and out at the shoulders. it arrived super wrinkled but i found tossing it in the dryer for a few min helped - is it dry clean which is slightly high maintenance but so cute it's worth it. great dress for transitioning in
I'll admit  i had a lot of sticker shock when i saw this was a moth sweater coat at this price point. but i was immediately drawn to it. this is a one of a kind piece for sure. the colors are vibrant  the design is stylish and it is beautifully unstructured. it has a cocoon shape  wool on the outside and a soft knit on the inside. its a bit heavier (as you would expect a wool coat to be.) my absolute favorite part is the print. very classic on top  and very boho on bottom. it is gorgeous. i woul
I love this skirt  in theory. the style is fun and original and the quality was excellent. however  being suede  the skirt was very bulky. also  at 5'8" and liking skirts to be long enough for work  i typically don't have problems with long length. however  i thought this skirt fit too long on me such that it distracted from the style. i really wanted to love this skirt - hopefully they'll make some updates in future styles.
I received this yesterday and the fit for me is so strange...to tight in the bust and the arms were to big for me..i am so bummed...the arms do not stay on my shoulders. i have many tops but maeve and they fit me well..this is the first one i have to return. this top is made well and i do recommend  but it should be tried on before purchasing as it is pricey if it does not fit you!
I purchased a large and it fit perfect. i'm a size 12- 36dd. the material is very forgiving and flows over my curves. thick enough that it doesn't need a slip and will stretch to fit size 14 ladies  maybe size 16 too. i'm 5'7" and the length is great on me with flat sandals. doesn't show my bra either.
The body is huge  while the arms fit. being returned!
The bikini bottoms are high quality and feel very luxurious. order one size up. this line runs small. i read the reviews and ordered a medium. i am normally xs/s in underwear but the medium fits me perfectly. i wish i had ordered in other colors before they sold out! trust me you'll want another pair after trying these on.
Just got this dress in the mail yesterday and i love the style and fabric soooo much!!! the fabric looks kind of shiny in the photos so i wasn't quite sure  however in person it's a perfect blend that can easily be dressed up or down. sadly i cannot fully see how it looks on me because the bust of it is way too small. i normally wear a 0 or 2 in a dress and am a 32c but the inside panel that you cannot see in any of the photos is very fitted to the chest and i cannot even zip the size 2 over my
I was monitoring this sweater dress online for quite some time hoping it goes on sale  but as soon as i saw the lighter color sell out i decided to grab the blue version before it runs out as well. it's a simple yet comfortably beautiful dress at the same time. it looks about the same as it does on the model color/fit only in the neck is a little wider with bordered collar  which makes it more interesting. i'm 6ft tall 160lb  ordered a large and i felt the dress was a bit oversized  but with tha
I was so in love with this dress when i saw it in the store but so disappointed when i put it on. i am 5'10" with curves and usually buy a large in dresses. this dress looked like a sack on me. the top was way too big and loose making the dress a boxy cut rather than a maxi cut like i was expecting. the dress is lovely to look at on the hanger and feels good on but i don't think it flatters hourglass figures. it was the right length for me unlike many other reviewers.   obviously  based off the
This shirt has a vibrant color and beautiful neck line  but unfortunately i had to send it back. it is short waisted with a lot of material in the back. had it been 1-2 inches longer it may flare out  but based on the length on me  it ended up looking like a shrunken tent. for reference  i am 5'8 with a long torso.
It reminds me of maternity clothes. soft  stretchy  shiny material. cut is flattering and drapes nicely. i only found one button to close front... looked awkward. nice long sleeves. not for me but maybe for others. just ok.
This skirt is great for anyone who wants to highlight a defined waistline  but may want to skim over a few lumps and bumps. the skirt has a nice  wide waistband that hugs tight at the middle and pleats that give a little flare without being too much.  the fabric is nice and thick and the skirt is lined.  i am looking forward to wearing it to the office with a fitted dark top and heels.
This is a pretty dress  but the cut is quite boxy. i had thought that the dress would cut in a bit along the body and then "flare out" more around the waist down to the hem; however  the dress is baggy from the sleeves all the way down  which lends to a rather unflattering look.
Someone returned my size so i got to try it on in store. the cut is very flattering  the material is stretchy. the lace part is nicely made too. overall great piece. the petite waist did hit me a little higher than on model  i have a regular torso and short legs (and overall usually need petite)
I ordered my normal size and found that this top runs large. i wanted to tie the front ties tighter to accentuate my waist  but even so it was still quite loose. the fabric is very stretchy and thin  and the top was longer on me than pictured in the model. for reference  i am 5'-7" 155lbs  usually wear a medium/8 in a top. this medium was too large.
More flattering than it looks on the model. comes in at the waist on me. i ordered it in blue  and it's very pretty; will go nice with a business suit but requires a cami underneath for work occasions.
Fabric was a little more shear than i thought it would be - while not a big deal - it was missing a few of the silver beads along the front line of the top. returned
This dress is beautiful. very vibrant and rich looking...however  after wearing it to work the back of the dress was completely stretched out from sitting in my office chair. when i stood up a little bubble remained around my butt. not attractive. i wanted to love it but it's going back.
Even in my usual petite small size  this looked bulky and made me look stumpy. disappointing because the style looks so good in the picture and the material looks to be good quality. i don't even know if going down a size would have helped. as others have mentioned it looks like a frumpy house robe.
Thick material and cute design. i am typically a size 2 and the small in this fit but was snug in the crotch and just zipped at the waist there is not much if any stretch. i am 5'6" with a 26 1/2 in waist so that was unexpected. it does have cinchers at the waits but they are more for aesthetics than functionality. it is a very cute design and the fabric is nice as well as the direction of the stripes.
I love cute summer dresses and this one  especially because it is made out of linen  is unique. it is very well-made with a design that is quite flattering. i am 5 foot 6 and a little curvy with a 38 c bust and i got a size 10. it fits well although it is difficult to zip up because the material has no give. the perfect dress to wear to italy or france! now i just have to book my tickets!
I bought this in black and it did require me to wear a shirt underneath as it was a little sheer/see through. i usually wear an xs and i wore the same in this top. the black is very pretty and goes well with some skinny jeans.
I bought this 'nightgown' to wear as a winter maternity dress. it really fit the bill!! the knit fabric stretched nicely as i grew but was still flattering before i got larger as well. there is no way i would actually sleep in this dress. it would be way too hot! it is cute with calf length boots and i look forward to rocking it without the belly next winter. i would normally wear a petite length and bought the medium and though it was longer  the length was not awkward and kept it from being to
I like this top. it went well with my olive pant. i tried in l and xl. l was a tad fitted around my tummy. xl armholes were too big and neckline was too low. i really wanted to keep this top but the low neckline just didn't work. i am busty  perhaps it may work better for a slender frame. i recommend this top because it is pretty  but the fit is selective  so its best to try out a couple of sizes first.
This is my second pair of pilcro jeans and the second time i am totally impressed. these jeans have a comfortable stretch and rugged wash that is trendy & fun. they are the perfect everyday jean and look great casually with a pair of birkenstocks or converse low tops. the only thing worth pointing out is that i am pretty short (5'4) and the regular length fits me perfectly. this may be an issue for ladies lucky enough to have some extra inches on me.
It is a great sweater that is soft but also warm i love the pretty design
I agree with the other reviewer  this is a nice piece. i felt so-so about it when i tried it on though. see below.    ___________  pros:  - not too heavy or warm due to being part linen/cotton blend  making it breathable and great for more milder temperatures.  - soft floral arrangements with lovely pattern throughout the sweater.  - lovely collar giving it a sophisticated feel.  - ran tts. i'm 5'9  hourglass with some meat on my bones and found the medium to be an ideal fit.  ___________  cons:
Very disappointed in this top. i have a short waist  and it was still too short for me. :-(
The reason i gave this an overall rating of 4 stars is because of the sizing. the jumpsuit runs big and the black does not have a petite option; otherwise  i would give this 5 stars. this jumpsuit is so gorgeous that i had to buy both colors. i bought the black in medium and it looks absolutely beautiful on but i will have to take it to get it altered; it is way too big on me. i really need a petite in this but i still bought the black and am getting it altered.     i loved this jumpsuit so much
This sweater did not flatter a sz 12 with 36d chest. it's very well made but not for the curvy girl. this is my very first review and felt compelled to share my thoughts since i heavily rely on others' reviews before i purchase.
I wish i had read the other review about the color of the pink version of this sweater before i ordered it. she was absolutely right - the color is completely different in person. it is this garish pink and brown that looks like it was knit together with remaindered yarn. it's too bad  because the cut of the sweater is cute and the zipper adds a funky touch. maybe the blue is better in person...
I bought this top to add some more color and pattern to my summer wardrobe. it is really cute and a flattering cut. i just had a baby  so it's perfect for showing some curves without clinging. if anything  i'd say it maximizes my bustline more than i expected  but is still very flattering. i think i'm still getting used to my new bustline ;) soft  comfy fabric. not too hot. i get compliments when i wear it!
Other than the color (i got the rose color)  which is great  i think my favorite part about this jacket is that the sleeves are actually long enough. i am 5'7" and the sleeves come right to my wrists  if not just a tad longer onto my hands. it's also got some stretch to it so it doesn't make you feel to stiff as you wear it; you can move in it :) it's very comfortable and pretty.
I wore this for the first time today  and after just about an hour  it gently nicked something and got a hole in the pack.  its so disappointing as i love they style and its so comfortable. very poor quality for the price :(
Thank you retailer for a collection that includes dressy mid-length dresses suitable for special occasions! the simplistic beauty  quality of workmanship  and form fitting style of this dress is perfect. the fit and flare enhances curves and hides flaws. it pairs perfectly with the necklace shown and a cropped lace front cardigan that i found elsewhere. admittedly  i am not sure that younger clients would be happy with the tea length  but i am ecstatic!
The shirt is beautifully made and very comfortable. i'm a medium though  and i ordered as such- but it's way too big for me.
This suit is better than i expected. i'm a large d cup and with this type of top style  i typically size up. i'm a 4 bottom but would normally would order a large top because this type of top runs small...not here. i ordered the large and  much to my suprise  it's too big. i'm sending back. i may order a small and medium just to be safe  but the cups are definitely not cut too small here. the bodice is very flattering with the black and white contrast. so pretty!
After reading all reviews  i didn?t know what to expect  but i really loved the design so i ordered it any way. how positively surprised i was! this dress has a structure. the fit is great  just right in all places. the length hits right at the knee. i was afraid it would be too heavy for a denim dress  but it is actually thin and soft  not hot at all. for better understanding of the fit  i am 5?7?  144 lb. and 34c. i?m between s and m in tops because of my wide shoulders  but size 8 in this dre
This is a cute dress  but the buttons are tiny and the top one cracked in half before i could even put the dress on. i can't risk the buttons breaking off while i am wearing it. especially since the dress seems designed for an a cup  anything larger will be more than those little fragile buttons can handle.
I'll start by saying that i loved this dress. i tried it on in the dressing room and knew i had to have it. the colors and design are beautiful and the fabric is soft. i did have to size up but it fit me perfectly once i did. i'm 5'1" 130 lbs 34 d size 6 fit great.   the first time i pulled it out at home  i was gently pulling up the zipper and once it hits those ribbon areas on the side  the zipper seam split. i tried for a half hour to get it to realign. i finally decided to go exchange it for
This dress is beautiful and classy  well made  the fabric is thick and substantial  soft and stretchy. unfortunately it did not work for me at all  i'm somewhat thick in the middle with a few "lumps and bumps"  and this dress was not forgiving despite the thick material. i normally wear size 12 or large  i actually ordered a 12 online which i didn't receive yet  but i tried on a size 14 during an unexpected trip to the store (12 was not in stock) and it was just not flattering  showing all my mi
I really wanted this shirt to work -- the fabric is really cool -- but sadly the cut was just way off. i'm 5'10"  and the shirt was much shorter on me than on the model  and the cut was just too wide under the armpits.
So much right but then....too short.
This dress is such a crazy beautiful color  the picture doesn't do it justice. i ordered this right when i saw it  and i almost love it. the color is very bright and the fabric seems nice  but i just didn't find it flattering at all. the slip wasn't the nicest  but completely not a deal breaker. i didn't think it was overly flattering on the model either  so i was hoping by some miracle that i would like it anyway  but something about the way it's cut is just a little off for me. it was very tru
For my body type  this top looked ridiculous! i am small-busted and thinnish on top. this seemingly very pretty top look like a big rectangle on me. very unflattering. hard to tell if it was true-to-size because it hung so wide. i think for a gal with more substantial upper body (i.e.  boobs) this would work better.
This dress is very flattering and tts. i bought this dress for my brother's wedding at the end of june. i love that it is machine washable  which was the reason i chose this dress instead of another. as another reviewer already mentioned  it is brighter than photographed.
I had no issues with size or length. i'm 5'9 34c bust and i bought the striped shirt in a 4 and the umbrella print in a 2. the 2 was ever so slightly tight at the second button but i was wearing a heavy cotton cami. i could have worn a 2 in the striped top as well. i am broad shouldered and the shoulder seam in the size 4 dropped a little so there was plenty of room. these shirts are adorable. i usually don't like button downs but this style is very flattering. the material is light and drapes w
Beware. white is not white. white is more cream  off-white  light beige. i was really looking forward to these shorts but was immediately disappointed when i saw the color. they are cute  but not white. i bought them to wear with the nautical look tops for this summer  but unfortunately  creamy colored shorts don't do much for navy/white tops.also  the button is very difficult to open/close.otherwise they are ok.
I ordered these in the blue size 28p. i am 5' 120 lbs. a size 6p and curvy. the jeans fit very nicely in thigh and hip area (and i don't have skinny thighs). the jean is not a low rise which is what i was looking for. i was looking for a jean that was a little dressier yo wear out to grab a drink or catch a movie. these jeans fit the bill because they give off a polished vibe  especially when paired with a dressier top  blazer  skinny belt and heels. also  i like that the jeans don't have the to
Absolutely love the diagonal zipper. it is extremely flattering for the office  and comfortable. a great layering piece with a simple blazer  or alone. looks high quality. my only one minor complaint is that the bottom tends to move away from my body  as the top is wide on the bottom. hence  gives you a lot of leeway in the stomach area. may not be a good thing  or may be a good thing. still  overall  a keeper.
Great light weight sweater. perfect for spring. runs true to size. definitely will buy another color.
I bought this top online in the stripes/ivory lace. fits great and is beautiful quality. (i usually wear small/size 4 in tops and the small was perfect). however  i found that the ivory lace detail on the bottom sides gave me a saddlebag effect. not good. sadly it's going back.
I am a huge fan of ag stevie ankles and own at least a dozen pair. i am 5'4"  so this style is perfect for me. this particular wash is a fantastic and flattering fit. it hits right above my ankle and fits beautifully through the hips and legs. i am going to buy a 2nd pair as i know i will be wearing these all the time!
I like the idea of a skort  and how it is different than everything else out there. this skort is a bit dressy--perfect for a summer party or drinks on the patio at a city cafe. i love that it has pockets. the fabrics used in the patchwork are quality and the tailoring is nice. it fit me true to size. i can't wait for warmer weather to wear it!
I love this top so much i tried it on twice. because i forgot why it didn't work the first time: i have a chest. i'm just a c cup  but i looked lumpy and matronly in this top. if that's not an issue for you  i think you'll love it.
This top is gorgeous: beautiful lace  substantial fabric  great color. but it looked so weird on me. i have broader shoulders  and the sleeves did not drape on me like they do on the model  they just stuck straight out. as another reviewer mentioned  the fabric is stiff. i didn't want to size up because the body and length both fit well. perhaps if you have smaller/ rounded shoulders this top will hang better. for reference i'm 5'4"  120 lbs  and tried a size s.
I love these bottoms they are super cute  comfy and very flatering. finally a bikini botom i feel comfotable in after having my babies. its just high enough to cover my stretch marks on top and the ruffles cover the one down low :) and fits loosly enough to avoid a muffin top. i am normally between a size 8 and ten 145 lbs. and i ordered size large.
I purchased this in the yellow for my daughter and she has not seen it yet. the style is very cute  but the fabric is quite thin. she will have to make that call  but if i had bought it for myself  it would be going back. i'm not willing to wear a camisole under a t-shirt. it also feels like the kind of knit fabric that shrinks and skews when it's washed  so that remains to be seen.
I purchased this in the ivory color and love it. very comfortable and agree with reviewer who said it looks good with 1 button or 2 buttoned up. my one complaint is that i found it to be such an open weave that i feel it necessary to wear a cami underneath  which is not the end of the world. the other issue i have: the back is definitely longer than the front  as pictured. i'm not sure why retailer feels compelled to have almost every top they sell have this styling  i don't think its necessary an
I love  love  love this skirt. very flattering. i am 5'7" 125# with a 27" waist  and ordered a size 4 based on previous reviews. yes  it is snug through the hips. i think it will stretch a bit with wear; however  i imagine curvy ladies may want to size up (sadly  i was not blessed with much in the way of curves). the material is thick. the skirt is lined. the print is beautiful. this is one skirt i was happy to pay full price for rather than risk missing it.
The idea of this dress is lovely. the fabric is pleasing to the touch. the print manages to be eye catching but understated. i don't know my exact measurements but i typically wear an extra small and i rarely have fit issues with off the rack clothing. i read the other reviews about the odd fit but decided to take a chance. i ordered an extra small in this dress and the bottom half fits perfectly. the top fits poorly. i have a fairly athletic build but it is a bit too large for my shoulders. how
Perfect fit and i've gotten so many compliments. i buy all my suits from here now!
I have other stevies  and these are nothing like them. the quality is very synthetic to a point that the material is shiny. the pants themselves run very small in the waist  approx. two sizes too small compared with other stevies. additionally  the cuff is sewn like that in place  and hits at an odd spot if you are taller or have strong calves. see how it gapes in the cuff on the model? like  a rounded bottom? that is way more emphasized in real life. buyer beware!
I bought a pair of these a month ago and first time i washed them they came out with light spots all down the leg. i figured i did something wrong so i bought another pair in the same color and one in sage. just washed both pairs according to care instructions (no spills  stain remover  or anything but detergent) and both came out with light spots all down the leg. very sad to have wasted all that money.
I have been a loyal retailer customer for at least 10 years now  so i don't say this lightly; this might be my favorite clothing purchase ever. the overall design is incredible. the feminine detail in the embroidery combined with the traditional bomber style is done so well. i somehow snagged a medium petite and it is absolutely perfect. there is enough room to fit a sweater underneath  but the sleeves and waist are the perfect length! something which is difficult to find at 5'2". also  i must say
I think when this is new  it runs big  and then shrinks to the right size. that's what it did for me anyway. it did shrink after one wash  but not significantly. i bought it in m and feel it stayed within that range. super cute with shorts - airy  light. love the white. ordering another color!
This dress is beautiful. i am happy i chose the sky blue color. i read a review before ordering that said it was more beautiful in person. it certainly is! i can't wait to wear it. the only issue is that it runs a tad bit too big. i am very thin  and usually an xs in retailer clothes. i could've fit an xxs. good thing the straps can tie and be adjusted. also  it is a little longer than i thought it would be on me (i am 5'7"). other than that  i love this dress.
Let me start off my saying that i hate pants. i will wear dresses and skirts whenever possible to avoid them. however  i found these at my local retailer and just had to try them on because the pattern was so adorable. i have another pair of pilcro shorts that i love because they are so comfortable and have so much stretch to them that they don't make me crazy like other pants do. these were no exception! i love everything about them and am going to have a hard time not wanting to wear them every
I ordered this dress in the green color. the dress did not look like the picture. i returned the dress since it looked like something to wear to a farm barnyard dance. i returned the dress.
Too wide! the design is cute but the wideness of the overall piece and arms made me lose my shape. you can't see your figure underneath at all. i don't like pieces like that. this went back.
I looked at this dress for a long time before i purchased it because of the money. i wear a size 2p. was entirely disappointed in the style and construction of this dress. for one thing the lining is bulky and you could never wear it in warmer weather without burning up. the dress as pictured looks very feminine and light weight silk but there is just too much material going on--- thick and heavy. the overall fit was too big and very unflattering.
Shoulders hide bra straps well - relaxed  but flattering fit. comfy  but can be dressed up!
I was not expecting the material to be as thick as it is. it has a wonderful drape and hand to it. i love the string tie straps so i can adjust it to fall on my chest a little higher. it seems that everything is too low-cut for my modest taste  but the ties let you decide how much cleavage to show. finding the right bra is always a little bit of a challenge with a cami  but i usually wear them under sweaters and jackets  so i'm not terribly concerned.
Found this randomly in the store (online return) and didn't expect to like it but tried it on and fell in love with it. extremely comfortable dress  but also has a unique/special design that makes you feel great wearing it. will be perfect to wear out when don't want to look too dressed up or like trying too hard.
Super flattering dress. love it. makes my waist look tiny. great fit and flare style without making me look pregnant! i love the fabric. will be great as a travel dress (packs easy  doesn't need to be ironed really  substantial fabric). love it. i think it runs large since i'm rarely a 2 at retailer  but i find that maeve runs all over the place. i'm usually a 4 at retailer and i got a 2 in this.
I just got this at the black friday sale..... i may have passed it by had i not been in an adventurous mood ( i usually wear brighter colors). it feels wonderful....cozy and silky like expensive pjs!! looks very glamorous yet laid back... i feel like i am in a 40's romantic film.. i got a ps and it fits flowy. it was the only one so i was not able to try the xs. love it! it was cold today so i wore a cami under it with lace peeking thru the low neckline .
Nice quality. too big for my taste. really liked the style but sleeves were very long.
The colors of this dress are beautiful and i really wanted to love it but it wasn't cut for my body shape. i think you either need to be curvy to fill out the chest or straight up&down to have it lay flat (as in the model). ordered size 6: 34b  150 5' 9"  tall/slim build. i also think the hi/lo hem of the dress isn't well indicated in the pictures; i'm not a fan of the style and was hoping it would be minimal however the hem is definitely asymmetric.
Great sweater for any occasion. may be dressed up and/or worn with jeans. very versatile. love that it is short sleeves. size is true to fit.
I normally wear an xl  but could only find this instore in size large. the blouse fits nicely  but i think it would come down a bit lower and also be a longer blouse if i would have purchased it in my usual size. the blouse itself has a nice drape to it. the black 'railroad tracks' look very pretty in person  and add a nice detail. the only complaint i have with this blouse is the sleeves. the enormous bell sleeve feels like a costume. but for a nominal fee i had the sleeves shortened to a ruffl
The pictures are not showing how absolutely spectacular this caftan is. it is very delicate (even says so on the tag) and lightweight so that you won't dread wearing it in the heat of the day. by what doesn't show up is that this caftan shimmers-there is gold string woven throughout the entire garment which gives it a slight sheen. it adds significantly to the impact of the garment  and i love this detail. i love the way this caftan drapes  and i love that it is longer than a normal caftan. the
I bought this dress online and was hoping it would be a great comfortable staple.. it may be the most unflattering piece of clothing i have ever tried on ever! i let my sisters try it on too  to see if they wanted it or liked it better  but it was awful on them as well. i ordered the xs in blue. it was beyond enormous and was just plain and unflattering. i am 5'7' and 115. i love swing dresses i just don't think is cut well.
This sweater is beautiful but runs large all over. i ordered a m and returning for a small. hopefully that works.
First one i received was ripping apart already in the sleeve opening at wrist (warning: very tight sleeves!)  plus 2" of the green shiny band detail was missed altogether by whomever sewed this particular one- just left unstitched. and long threads were hanging in several places. this is by no means a quality piece and is severely overpriced. on the positive side  it is very cute and i'm keeping the replacement one  but know that it is also delicate. after one use  there is a snag on the inside
I bought these and returned them almost immediately. the material looks nice  but itchy and heavy. the fit is too small and just uncomfortable to wear.
I loved this dress and the color. i wanted to wear it to my niece's wedding. i usually wear a medium but couldn't get it on. the large was perfect in the top but too tight in the hips for a wedding even with spanks. the xl was perfect is the hips in that it didn't cut  but the top was huge. i really don't understand the sizing of this dress at all.
I've had my eye on this for a while. went into my local retailer to try it on. tried on s and xs. it fit the same  not much different. the color is great. will go with so many things however i have a larger bust 34d-dd and am short wasted  generally wearing petite in skirts because of it. it sort of belled at the bottom  peplum"ish" which made it look like my bust drooped to my waste. not flattering on me. i'm 5'3ish  118# and generally wear 4 in tops. it felt like it would stretch out as the day
I'm 5'3" 115 lbs and ordered an xs petite. i have other dresses from maeve in xs petite and xxs petite that fit really well  but this one was weirdly big at the top
I am usually a 28/29 in skinnys. mih usually runs small so i ordered the size 30 knowing the length wld be too long. well the fit is great. i am a little curvy w/ slender legs. the size 30 sits just below my navel  snug throughout hips & thighs  then gradually begins to flare below the knee to the bottom. super long  will have to cut off abt 4-5" to suit me. i don't wear sky-high shoes. i wear low to flat sandals in summer & medium heel booties in cooler weather. maybe i'll cut them & try them a
Love this. bought the cream in store and the burgundy online. perfect alone or to wear under an retailer sweater.
I just bought this in the yellow and am very pleased!!! the sleeves are super long but i'm happy about that! usually  they are much too short  this is much cozier! this will look cute over dresses and with jeans and a longer/tunic style top. nice quality too
Fits true to size and rides the line between contemporary and retro exceptionally well.
This shirt was on sale  and it was a good price. that is where the goods ended... the shirt was not flattering. i sent it back asap!
I love the color  the fabric and the style (especially in the model shots) but in reality  the cut is disproportionate. the hips and hip pockets flare out creating a saddlebag look. it is not smooth and fitted as shown on the model. overall you need to size down since i could pullover the dress without unzipping. i think the felted boiled wool is great quality but a tiny bit itchy. i still recommend the dress because i will be wearing it with a long sweater coat which will hide the weird hip act
Gave 4 stars only because i haven't worn this yet and don't know how the fabric will wear. thick knit  looks well made. no pilling/pulls. great color  true to on scree photo. true to size. regular medium fit perfect  enough room in the armholes and width to put over a blouse. for reference- 34-36 c/d 142 lbs 5'1"  short waisted  curvy  usual size 8-10p. didn't need a petite in this. the regular length hit at the waist and fit exactly like on the model. looked cute paired with the mauve navy stri
Great quality and cut! they are so versatile  which i love! highly recommend these!
I loved the way it looks on. fit tts. only problem for me was it was so itchy. there is that small amt. of wool in it. if you have any problem with wool this may not work for you
The print and fabric are great  but this dress has odd construction  or maybe i have an odd construction. anyway  i'm 5-5  weigh 125-130  36d. i ordered the small and it fit perfect up top and in the arms - but the issue was in the hips. i'm somewhere between athletic and curvy. the skirt looks more a-line in the photo  but it's actually cut pretty straight. spanx would have helped  but i'm not about to wear spanx all day in a work/casual dress  i think a medium would make the top too big  so i
This silk skirt was not the best look for me  but may work for others. i purchased the med  which fit fine. i just wasn't in love with the print/colors. the skirt has quality material and is well made. it's very light and airy. i did return it.
I bought this dress for a holiday party  and the sequins on the dress were so much more blue that what it looks like in the photo. i still liked it  but when i went to try it on  it was just not working. i thought this was more of a loosely fitted look  but the upper bodice and waist seam are very tightly fitted. i would recommend sizing up  but be aware that the top straps (shoulder to breast) are too loose to begin with  so they may sag.  overall  i wouldn't recommend this dress for the curren
Love love this skirt! such a pretty green color and a great quality. this will be a staple in my closet for years to come. and i love a skirt with pockets.
I bought the burgundy color in this shirt dress. usually wear a size 4 and xs in most brands. purchased the xs in this dress. i'm 5'4  118#  34d. the fabric is rayon however it feels more like a light flannel or soft brushed cotton. like you've worn it forever. the length says 40" long but i found when worn with the belt it rides up substantially. about 2-3 inches above the knee. felt like i was squirming to pull it down. i normally wouldn't be drawn to something so simple but when i walked out
I love the colors of the teal dress  but i wish that the top only had one color. the design is cute but the construction is a little off. the transition from the top to the skirt seems to lay wrong or have a bit of extra fabric. sizing up or down didn't help. the top is lined but the bottom is very thin. the bottom should be lined too. not the best.
I don't have the right body to pull this off. too many awkward styling issues (length  slits  tie  stitch quality) so this will have to go back. maybe if i was taller and slimmer this would be good. alas  it isn't meant to be...
I was so excited to get this dress. i saw someone try it on in the store and waited all season for it to go on sale. i loved it except for the seam that was right at the neckline in the front. they didn't even try to match up the fabrics. it was so obvious and cheap looking that i had to send this dress back. so sad!
This top is perfect for the first day at clown college if you want to see some clowns cry. the sleeves are probably the worst part of this overpriced monstrosity. the elastic at the cuffs makes the already comically large sleeves billow and puff out even more.     buy this if you enjoy walking to the post office to return things.
I really wanted to love this sweater however it fell much shorter on my 5'10" frame than it falls on the model  between my belly button and hip  and the sleeves ended just below my elbow and were much more voluminous than they appear in the product shot. i do have long monkey arms though  so on someone more petite it would probably fit more like the model shot.  the quality of the knit seems nice  however the zipper used is very slim and light weight and got stuck twice just while i was trying i
Gorgeous embroidery  soft fabric  great drape  hides tummy--overall perfect.  size down.  i bought the small and i am 36dd.
I like design of the dress  softness and color ( i got grey)  the dress is shorter on me then on model ( 5'6" 145 lbs) i got m fits ok but i don't like fabric quality it seems like it can be peeled and picks up everything and needs to be sprayed all the time. despite i got it with 40% discount it will come back as it's poor quality.
This is a great shirt that goes with everything. it's super sexy and i have to say....the girls look great in it! i bought the black first and went back for the green. the quality of the shirt is great...not cheap and no smell  at least not in my experience   like was mentioned by another reviewer. i can't say enough about how cute this shirt is!
I washed and dried this in my dryer after one wear and it shrunk to the size of a toddler shirt. i dried it on medium. i can not really wear it unless i want to show off my belly. i loved the color (lilac). fit  and style when i received it and immediately put it on. so sad about the shrinkage. for a $58 shirt i expected a bit more. retailer should suggest air drying the shirt. so bummed and disappointed!!!! i would not recommend this shirt unless you can remember to air dry it every time.
Weird fit and the tie just add to the problems. i think i'd like this a lot more if it were just an open cardigan without the tie. the tie seems like an after thought. it's flimsy and it just makes anyone wearing this look like a house -- no matter there size. i ordered a medium black and it's already in the mail!
They ripped on the inside upper thighs of both legs less than two months after purchase. i've washed them once  and wear them a few times a week  so they're certainly not worn out. i've never had a pair give out even close to this early. i loved the cut of the jeans and the softness  and they hold their shape well after multiple wearings. the color is lighter than pictured. i paid full price (the most i've ever paid for jeans) because i'd heard good things about jean shop quality. even at sale p
This dress is more beautiful in person. this dress fits well on top for my broad shoulders  chest(40c)and through my straight hips. note. the side bottom panels are very stretchy. i will have it tailored slimmer. so if you are bottom curvy  this dress is awesome!
The lace detail is very classy. a great go to white dress.
Cute design and interesting back feature. runs a little big and is comfortable and flowy.
I was so excited to get this classic-looking retailer dress- i love the ladylike shape and whimsical print. the popsicle print on this dress is really  truly adorable. unfortunately  the dress is cut really weird and it made me feel like screaming: i bought a size two and it was snug and gaping at the chest (and i'm only a 32b  ladies  so be warned!) at the same time  the arm holes were huge  i mean massively big. i think if you have a swimmer's body this might work. otherwise  you'll for sure nee
Had been eyeing this for a while. print is beautiful in person  just as pictured. tts fit (size 8  5'7"  150#  pear shaped). comes within a couple inches of my knees so long enough to wear to work.
This simple lace top is beautiful and easy to wear  but do not wash it. the hem completely fell apart for me!
I was extremely disappointed with the quality of this product. as soon as i put this tunic  the right tie loop detached from the garment. i could return it but the point of shopping online was to avoid the hassle of going to the store. the price of the item does not justify the low quality of the final product.
These are way oversized! i have several pairs of pilcro jeans and these run way too large. wasted money on shipping. won't do that again:(
This dress is amazing! the fit  style  quality of fabric is just perfect. just the right amount of "v" in the front and back to be flattering and sexy without being too exposed! will be looking for more styles from this designer!
This top looks beautiful online. when i got it  it looks nothing like the pic. it's wide  too much fabric  no shape and so unflattering. it's definitely going back
The black and white photo of this sweater makes it look absolutely beautiful. the color photography looked to be a beautiful rich burnt red color. it simply did not match. it was more of an almost faded version of the rich color. the fit was "ok". just didn't love it.
I love this dress .  perfect fit and very good quality.
Tried this lovely with high waste  wide leg  black flowy pants. everything i could hope for and more  but not quite!    size: blindly ordered size 6. i'm usually a small  occasionally xs in retailer brands like floreat and akemi+kin. i'm 5'5" tall  130 lbs  34d  35-29-37  long torso  narrow shoulders  and short arms.    fit: size 6 had just enough space through the bust. the lace edged sleeves were roomy and just reached my wrists. the shoulders were just right. extra fabric ballooned out around t
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality  cut  and softness of this dress. it can be dressed up or down  with or without leggings/tights  and is cute with boots or flats. my only complaint is that the sleeves are not near as long as what is shown in the photo. i'd say more like 3/4 sleeves. thankfully there is elastic at the cuffs  so the sleeves can be pushed up  and the the material can slightly drape over the elastic.
I bought this dress for work and receive tons of compliments when i wear it! the material is soft and breathable  which makes it comfortable to wear all day at work with a light jacket. i do agree with the other reviewer though  it does show every bump  especially in the tummy. i also noticed that some of the fabric flaps will flip up when i sit down  but i am going to sew the flap down so it stops doing that.
I really loved the fabric of this dress  however  it had a weird fit and the pockets made the front hang funny.
The model in this photo should be standing tall  because this dress looks absolutely fabulous right out of the tissue paper! i ordered a small  and am 130pounds 5'5"- the dress fits like a glove  and is a pull over style. the nude slip- lining connected to the outer shell works wonders and allows for a full coverage feel  yet nice breezy  sexy appeal. this dress can be worn to work  on a hot date  and even a nice weekend look. when i say slimming i mean it. the center detail- grabs the most perf
Lovely dress and looks great on me but with just my second time wearing this dress and reaching across my desk to pick something up i feel the elastic waistband snap. this dress is definitely my size and i have felt no tightness or discomfort in the midsection. i have bought cheaper clothes with better elastic waistbands and had them for years. now i will spend the rest of my day looking like i'm wearing an orange sack. i'm not pleased.
After reading the other reviews i still took a chance on ordering this dress becasue it looks so cute on the model. the dress they sent me is not this dress. it is the same material although the one i received had only one stripe down the canter  like a cross. there was no v back as stated by the other reviewer. it was scoop and if you pulled it down  the neck went up. the dress i received is branded as holding horses while the brand listed on here  is rava. the length measured at 39" not the st
I personally love this romper. there's a lot of fabric to it  so it feels lush and substantial. and the pockets! they're so roomy i actually couldn't find my phone for a hot second. the crotch of the legs (because  yes  this thing is actually pants) is very long and so i was very comfortable sitting.    the two things i don't love about this piece include the downfall of all rompers imo: not bathroom-break friendly. you basically have to disrobe. and since the legs are so long  you end up clingi
These were fabulous and a great color in person - true to a normal ag fit. i am 5'1" and the regular size was too long so i am exchanging them for the petite version in the same size. really hoping they fit the same as the regular version!
I just bought this dress in the store and i love it. i'm in my 50s and it does every thing i need a dress to do. it has sleeves  it's modest enough and shows my shape. the colors are great and go with most shoes. i'm heading to italy soon and this one will see me through many museums and churches. great buy!
The design of this top is super cute and the material is decent. the only flaw is that despite buying the smallest size (xxsp)  it's still very boxy on me. i wish it was more fitted at the waist which would make it much more flattering. however  since i am actually pregnant  this actually works to my advantage  for the time being.
Comfortable  decent quality and very casual
I am a teacher and love finding cute  comfortable clothes. i wore this for the first time today and got compliments all day long! i felt so stylish  and i was still able to do what i needed to do!
Fun versatile top for casual wear with capris  denim  or shorts/skirts. purchased both striped versions. love ballet necklines. the 3/4 length sleeve is wonderful for spring  summer  fall in california. the top is fitted yet it runs small. be sure to sized up. i normally wear xs  however this was way too tight. so i've ordered a small in both. hoping it works perfectly.
The quality of this jacket is outstanding. color combination is very chic and sophisticated. jacket is warm but not bulky.
This sweater is very long  could be worn as a dress at 5'3 !
This is a great sweater that i know i'll get a ton of use out of! i've already worn it three times  and i've had it a week. i typically wear small or medium in tops and sweaters  and ordered a medium in this one to ensure the arms were comfortable. the nude color is perfect.
Just purchased this on sale. will be perfect for summer on those days you wear dresses and don't want your skin to touch the subway bench! love it!
I recently bought this dress in an retailer store  to attend an art museum event . the open back created an awkward bra exposure problem  which i solved by buying a gabardia camisole by lacausa (the same brand and print as the dress.) the dress is described as casual  but it can be dressed up with gold shoes or sandals.   the retailer saleswoman brought me the dara vegan leather jacket in plum  by hei hei to complete the outfit. the contrast between the airy dress and the vegan leather was chic and
This dress is very flattering  comfortable and made me feel pretty!
I also returned this dress after waiting weeks to received it.  i had high hopes for this dress as i really loved it online but what a disappointment when i got it.  the fabric is made of cheap poly that's shiny  thin  and clingy.  it shows every lump and bump you have.  the zipper at the back won't lay flat and keeps bunching up creating an ugly bump.  the sewing and hemline is uneven.  there wasn't a lot of thought put in in the print placement where the seams was sewn together in the midline
This dress is really simple and elegant and i want to love it but i'm having a hard time getting it to fit right. i'm normally a size 4/6 and i bought this in an 8 and couldn't zip it up. i'm a 36d which is part of the problem so i exchanged it for a 10 and i can now zip it but the bar in the back i thought would cover my bra strap but like other reviewers mentioned its a bit high. most of my bras fall right into the hole beneath the bar. its unfortunate because i wanted to love this dress. i mi
By itself  this dress is a disaster. it's semi-maternity and offers no shape at all. however  with a belt  it really becomes the sweetest sweater dress. i can't believe how flattering the dress becomes with a belt  the skirt falls perfectly   it's perfect  especially with it's rich colors.  for $50  you can't go wrong and i'm positive you need this dress. boots  heels  jacket  whatever  it goes up and down  it's perfect!
It's rare to find such a great skirt -- flattering  unique design  substantial (denim-like) fabric  something with pockets! this skirt has everything  including an adjustable buckled waist. i love the slight a-line shape  too. for me it fits true to size (the same size i wear in skirts from other brands). i love the colors -- ivory background  cobalt  periwinkle  orange  blush pink  yellow  black. it will be easy to pair with tees or button-down shirts and cute sandals.
Love these pants. bought both the navy and the white. they are comfortable and a perfect fit. the xs is just right. i'm normally a 26 in denim and i was fearful these would either be to small in an xs or too big in a small but the smaller size is just right. soft and silky. they fall in a lovely way.
I love a cropped pant but these do not hit the mark. the pant would have been more flattering if they hit just above the ankle instead of the calf. i think they make the leg look stunted. the material was a nice weight and good quality but the bow being attached was a big design flaw. it look cute tied but would have been much nicer if you could remove it when needed.
I've been looking for an off the should sweater like this for over a year! looks great on and doesn't itch! can't wait for fall so i can wear it!
The top as with most of ap's tops is well stitched. material is very uncomfortable. if you have large bust it is a little divulging. this may prompt you to wear something underneath to look modest and change the shape of the top!
This is the second dress i buy at retailer this year and this one is spot on!! exactly what i was looking for: feminine  dressy yet can be dressed up or down depending on the circumstance. the fabric in this dress is particularly gorgeous  very comfortable on the skin  very flowy so it doesn't have a "heavy" quality to it and the design is amazing with the navy ribbon on the front. i completely fell in love with this dress! this is a little number to keep for many years.
I was really hoping to like this  but it did not look the way it does on the model  at least not on me. the sharkbite hem is much more pronounced and looser. the one in the photo looks like it was pinned back. i am 5'8" and usually wear a medium or large. i got a medium and there was a lot more material on the bottom half than the photo shows. it made me look bigger and was not flattering. material has a nice weave but it's thin and delicate. i bought the (holly) deep olive and the blue. colors
I was so excited to splurge on a mara hoffman suit and was sorely disappointed when i received this suit in the mail. i'm petite and fairly curvy  so i knew it would likely be a little long in the torso but the whole suit was so oddly shaped  i couldn't imagine anyone it would fit. the square shape in between the halter pieces is awkward  and the pieces that are supposed to hold your chest are super wide and loose.
This top is beautiful and i really wanted to be able to keep it - i've tried it on 3 times. it is not for big-chested girls (34ddd) - it hangs like i'm 20 months pregnant because the top area lands on top of my chest. sadly this will be going back. it is beautiful and flowing and a perfect weight.
I was hesitant to order this but i am really glad i did. it is just beautiful. the quality is excellent. i would like it to have more snaps so i am going to add them. i can't wait to wear it.
Ditto to all of the reviews who state that this top is beautiful but runs small in the bust. i am a large or an xl so i ordered this in the xl. i'm a little broad and busty and it was too small/binding. this is a beautiful well made top for a certain body type.
This shirt makes me feel stylish without trying! i can put this on and feel like a fashion blogger without trying! it is comfortable and fits true to size. it is flattering at the bottom without too much width/peplum.
Tried this lovely navy dress on in the store in a size 6 and it was perfect. wish there had been a petite available to try since the hem fell below the knees on me and it would have to be hemmed. the crisscross on the front is very flattering to the waistline and i love the see through fabric along the shoulders and back. it's stretchy too!
I love jumpsuits - except for this one. the fabric is blah. it's between plastic and the material that they make flags out of. the print is adorable and the buttons up the front are super cute. the tie thing that's just hanging there?  it's a tie thing that just hangs there. it doesn't  look good hanging  and it doesn't look good tied.  this jumpsuit had so much potential. i'm definitely disappointed.  for sizing reference  i am 5'5"  135  34c and a small was perfect.
I gave this four stars only because the lining has some polyester (poly/rayon blend) in it and i don't like polyester; still  i couldn't pass it up due to the chic look and the oh so warm feel of the coat. it's like wrapping yourself in a warm blanket and the wine color looks amazing! it's a little on the pricey side. since i consider it more of a sweater than a coat  i would have liked the price better if it was $100 less. it was one of those items that was hard to take off once i put it on. i
This top has so many details. i love the material. it adds a little formal to the casual jean. i am waiting to wear this come fall weather with slim jeans and some boots. it gives me that old victorian vibe without being still and formal.
I wish his dress would have worked. it is beautiful!! however  the waist and bust runs very small. the bottom of the dress does flare out a bit but the waist is so tight that unless you are a stick  everything at your waist and hips will stick out.
I really loved the dress in the picture. it is really  nice quality. unfortunately it was really long. i am  5'4 and it was about 8 inches too long. hemming it  would have ruined the details of the dress. they were  backordered on petites in my size  so  i just returned it.
The colors in this dress are much less vibrant in person. the scoop of the neckline is very wide and deep. i know others have posted that this is a great dress for work  but not in my workplace.
Such a pretty fall sweater. nice fit. wore it once out shopping and it snagged :( had to return  sadly.
I initially saw this top a few months ago  and fell in love. it ended up selling out in stores  so i ordered it online  where it was back-ordered by a couple of months. i received it this past week  and was sadly disappointed. the design is pretty  but overall the quality is sorely lacking. i wonder if maybe the first batch was good  but when they realized they were so popular  and had more made  the newer batches weren't as good? not sure. the one i got had inconsistent red embroidery  and ther
This dress is beautifully made  but it does not flair slightly as in the photo  it stick out like a tent. it might be a good maternity dress. the fabric is somewhat stiff andheavy with a slight texture.
Love this top! but unfortunately i returned it for exchange coz it was too small for me. hoping there's a sz sm in stock.
I really like this top. it's super cute - perfect for a football game or fairly casual event. the material is ribbed and is thick enough that you can't see through. i purchased this top in red and initially in petite but ended up returning it for the regular size. i love this top!
I was initially drawn to the intricate floral design of the neutral motif. it looks huge and boxy  so i sized down to a 0- which ended up being too tight in the chest and arm holes (for reference  i'm 5'7"  130lbs  34a). i returned it for a size 2  which fit much better. in the end  i decided not to keep it because of the lack of shape  and it's a little unflattering for smaller busts. it does come with a matching cami and seems well-made  but it just wasn't for me.
I got these in gray and ultimately returned them only because i already have a similar pair of pants. they fit true to size and the quality is fantastic. i usually do poorly with pants that zip on the side because of my small frame  but i had no problem with these at all. i may go after the other colors!
The cheshire dress is lovely. the fit is true to size and the quality is awesome. i love the way the sleeves lay on my shoulders. i would definitely recommend this dress!
Really cute top  comfy  with just enough flare that it can be dressed up a bit  or worn just casual. not clingy at all...in fact  maybe just a tad too flowy around the middle  but not so much that it kept me from going back to buy it immediately in a second color! i typically wear a large  but suspect the arms on the medium might be a tad small if i sized down.
Such quality went in to this dress - it is beautiful. the torso is lined and the tulle is not super poofy at the waist. it is  however  not made for the busty gal. i am a 32 dd  the fabric comes in at the arm pits making for narrow coverage around the chest. also this dress is short waisted  it is almost an empire on me. i wish it worked  as it is lovely. perhaps it will work on the someone super thin? so sad about it!
I was expecting a nice golden yellow color but what i received was very dull in color with greenish undertones. very disappointed. will be returning.
The green color was beautiful but the top was too low cut and looked more maternity than boho.
I love the weight of the material; sometimes crinkled gauze looks cheap; this does not. the lace trim is more 2-tone than the photo suggests  but that is not negative  and the color of the dress is more salmon than peach  again  not a negative. the length is as it is on the model  just below the knee. i wore it to what turned out to be surprise party for me at the beach! i paired it with huge silver hoops and silver flipflops. i felt special  stylish and comfortable. it was a good dress for some
This jacket has cute details. i like the front pockets and color. it has no shape and is about 1 size bigger than marked. i felt like a sack of potatoes in it.
First of all  the one that looks white is actually a powder blue color. this isn't necessarily bad  but i would have really liked a white one and i was disappointed when it arrived blue. i should have looked more closely at the picture and paid attention to the very unreliable color button on the website.    at any rate  i like this skirt a lot as a causal everyday piece of clothing. in the summers  i tend to wear skirts rather than shorts and am always on the lookout for something that is not t
I ordered the xxs p  but the actual cardigan is a xs p.  i was bummed as the xxs p are sold out. well  it fits ok anyway. (115 lbs  30dd  26.5 in waist)  beautiful sweater but oh so itchy. i think wool should be listed first (like ingredients) it is really itchy. why i so torn. i want to keep it because it is nice  but it is itchy. i will have to try it with a long sleeve shirt underneath  i don't think i can hang with ah short sleeve or sleeveless. colors and pattern are warm neutral  not red.
They're great. i saw them featured in one of the marketing emails. they looked comfortable and cute  different with the leg warmer type bottom. i went to the retailer near me  but they didn't have them in store. this was a slight disappointment because i wanted to try them on for sizing purposes. but  i ordered them because they were affordable  in the $30 range  cute  comfortable  and stylish. they also ended up fitting perfectly as well. nice job!
Love this pullover for its versatile style (can be buttoned or unbuttoned) and easy care look. it's casual without looking sloppy. the weave is a bit open work and can easily complement a cami or a thicker top without making me look like a stuffed sausage. the hi-lo hem on the model shots do not look that way irl. the hem is straighter. soft nubbly texture that may snag easily. got this in red and brown but wanted the sold out green too.
This sweater dress is beautifully unique in that it has lovely sheer sleeves to dress it up  but it's made of a soft sweater material that feels comfortable  warm and wintry at the same time. it does run true to size  i ordered a small (5'5" and 118 lbs). knitted and knotted has come up with some killer sweater dresses this season!!!
I tried on this dress in the store and was pleasantly surprised with the fit and the look. it looks way better in person than in the pictures. the picture really doesn't do it justice. i consider myself a "slight" hour glass figured girl and this dress at the top hit me just right so that the crosswrap looks like it was made for my body and the peephole/keyhole in the front (you can hardly see on the model photo) is visible. i'm so happy with this dress!!! i feel like i could wear it at work/chu
The neckline is beautiful! it's super soft and comfy. sadly  my normal large looked very boxy. i am hoping the medium will fit better.
I loved this dress and after i got it on. as others mentioned  it is difficult to get it on. i wish that the bow snapped on and off. as i took the dress off the bow came off itself. unfortunately going to be returning the dress.
Originally bought the plaid version and retuned it to order this one in the store to get free shipping. the fit is completely different. i am a consistent small  particularly in dresses of this style. will be exchanging this for a medium  which i hope will fit. love the color and pattern.
This dress is too short for me to wear as a dress  at 5'7" and over 40. however is is great with leggings and boots. it drapes nicely not over sized like many dresses this style. the color is more earthy than pictured. it's actually nicer in person than online. and it has a wonderful texture to it. i was drawn to it when i walked in the store they had it on display under s short cropped jacket and boots.
I love this fabric  it is comfortable and forgiving. as i prefer jewel tone colors and the red is beautiful. i thought the sleeve length on this might be odd  but it's fabulous. the only reason i haven't given it five stars is that i haven't laundered it enough to verify the quality
So cute and comfy. great fit. i bought them in green and they look great with wedges  sneakers or sandals. dress up or down. pair with a t-shirt and cotton blazer--adorable!
Before i ordered this i noted the other reviews that said it was sheer but thought i would just wear a layer underneath. unfortunately it was one of the sheerest fabrics i've ever seen. would love it if it could have been a more substantial fabric. to me it wasn't worth the money even on sale.
Super cut but easily wrinkles. eg. i ironed it  got dressed  then bent down to tie my daughters shoe and the whole front bottom was super wrinkly. i thought that it'd go away but it didn't... just got worse by the time i got out of my car at work... front and back were noticeably wrinkled all day.
I love the pattern (red motif) but the sizing of this dress is way off. the top fit fine but the hip area was so tight when standing with my legs hip-width apart. the only way it looked normal was if i stood with my feet together and thighs touching. i ordered my usual size 10 - for reference i am 5'9"  170# bra size 34f and 40-41" hips.
This shirt is thin and shapeless. the quality is h&m esque. unflattering. not a fan
It's navy and red--the photo looked black to me. so i couldn't use with black skirt that i had planned to pair it with  but it's cute with jeans and maybe white shorts next summer. the front gapes open when you sit down  so i'll either have to pin it or sew a snap there unless i want the world to see my bra. also a little short waited for me--i'm 5"11"  so i wish the wrap hit a little lower  but not enough that i didn't keep it. it is flattering blouse. the shoulder ties add a little extra flair
As soon as i saw this blouse in the store  i fell in love with it. i thought it was a little too expensive for what it was  but  hey  that's antho for you. i luckily had a gift card and a 15% off bday promo  so i got it at a good discount. i love the fit of it. sometimes button-down tops like this are too tight in the arms or pulls too much around the chest  and this one doesn't. when i do wear it  i have to be conscious of the buttons because it can be a little gappy in between the buttons when
I tried this on (xs) and thought it would be great  butit was simply bog on me and boxy. unfortunately  they are out of petite in the grey color (my favorite of the 3). this top is soft and feminine if it fits properly  but too big was a little too boxy.
I went with my instincts and grabbed a size l as opposed to my usual medium.  fits great and flatters the girls while hiding my meaty back!  such a great artistic design  i will love wearing it this weekend.  i am scared to wash it  i may just have to dip it in lingerie powder and drip dry.  for fit reference: 140#  36dd  i hold my weight in my neck  shoulders  back  upper arms  tummy (i'm not a gorilla.)
This reminds me of the 1970's. the fabric is soft and it looks just like the picture. i'm ordering it in line in a petite. my store doesn't carry petites. it's typical moth quality and fit. perfect.
This is so thin and poor quality. especially for the price. it felt like a thin pajama top. the buttons are terrible little shell buttons. this could not have been returned faster.
Received this and love the style  but it falls just a little below my waist and i like my tops to be longer.  it'll definitely fit a shorter torso.
I had to order this dress three times to get the correct size. ordered a petite which worked great. i really like the dress now that i found the size that fits best. love the color! perfect for so many occasions  church  special events and dinner out. great with flats and wedges. i know i will be wearing it lots this summer. did i mention i love the color! worth repeating.
This top is great for spring- it's super light and can be dressed up or down depending on what you're wearing it for. fits true to size and is great quality.
This top is so lovely. the fabric is thick and soft  and the drape is phenomenal. i did size down based on reviews  i typically wear a large and the medium is perfect  nice and flowy and very flattering.
Ok. stop everything  take out your credit card & order this blazer immediately! i'm obsessed with blazers  but was on the fence about ordering this one (i mean  how many black blazers can one girl own?!)  but after reading the outstanding reviews  i decided to go for it & i'm so glad i did! the online pictures do it no justice whatsoever  & i was afraid the polyester blend & gold buttons would look cheap  but  boy  was i in for a surprise when i opened my package! the black fabric looks high-end
This shirt appears nice in the pictures. it appears to have a bit of style. wrong. the shirt is one of the thinnest fabrics i've ever purchased. i live in warmer climate and its nice to have different cotton shirts with some style. this shirt has no style  and i thought it would. i have purchased this brand before  and thought this fabric would be similar. the other shirts were way nicer  softer  and had a different level of construction. i wanted to wear this shirt out and when i put it on it w
Length too long and waist to high. these are not sized for petites.
The materical is wonderful and light and the color is gorgeous  but the large was absolute gigantic. i'm returning it and sizing down possible to a small  which is unreal  since i wear a size ten normally! i am petite  height-wise  but more than length  there was just so much room width-wise. it swallowed me! the dress itself is lovely  though  so i'm definitely exchanging for a more reasonable size. but definitely size down!
These are terribly unflattering the wash looks dirty and the rise is not 10.5 like the description says  which is the only reason i gambled on these it is 13".
Comfortable  flattering  one step up in formality from jammies  what more could you want?
Very pretty dress  the blue is a little lighter than navy but is still really nice. the embroidered flowers are lovely as well. the a-line cut is very flattering on. i can't wait to wear this dress this spring!
I love the look of this jacket. it's incredibly soft and fits tts. i love how it's a little different and fun. however  it's already pilling after 3 wears. probably have gotten a total of 15 hours of wear out of it. i am so disappointed. for this price point  i would have expected better quality.
Nice sweater  just did not look good on me. sorry  going back.
This top is really pretty and nice quality. runs big - i went down a size  and its perfect. coloring is more subtle in person than in the photo.
I really like this top. bought it in "purple" but i would not call it that. it is more maroon or burgundy. color is exactly what it shows in the online photo. really like the green also. crocheted arms are super. i found it ran slightly small  so if you are between sizes  order up. one slight personal problem for me is that there is cashmere in it and i live in florida. even though we do get cooler weather here  i am not sure i will have that much chance to wear it; it will be too warm for me. t
My personal opinion is that i am not a fan of this top  the material of the fabric doesn't seem as nice as delettas other tops and it had a really boxy fit on me. i wanted to love this top but i did not.
Love the dress. runs a little big. i ordered a size down than i normally wear and it fit. versatile too--i even wore it to the office with a black blazer over it and got lots of compliments!
This dress has a beautiful fabric  i really hated to send it back. it was just so unflattering  absolutely no shape to it. i bought a 0p  i'm 5'5" and 117lbs and it looked like a maternity dress on me.
This dress is so fun and very comfy! the slip it comes with pulls the whole dress together! it has been great for warm fall days  but i can see it being warn with leggings and boots into the winter. i love the combination of blocked deep colors along side of pastels. i'm 5'5" and the length is just right  not too short.
I love this top and the beading is beautiful  but just like everyone else  it was way too large. i normally wear a lg  but the large looks and feels like a 3xl. beautiful but large
Loved the idea of this top--but it just won't work for me. it's really big. i'm 5'3" and 125 lbs. a small should be fine  but i'm swimming in this. the back is pretty (i tried it on with a white cami)  but it looks very maternity on me. tried to order the xs  but it's sold out. too bad. was a cute idea. not too thin for summer.
I purchased this top in the rose and steel blue colors even though the majority of reviews says it shrinks even when you wash per the instructions. i called the local retailer store first to see if it could be returned if this happened and they said yes  no problem. well the reviews are correct. i washed just the rose colored top so i could compare it to the steel blue if it did shrink. i am returning them this evening. i will not take the time or spend the money to dry clean a tank. it is made ve
First of all  this jean fits really well  but i usually wear a 31 in mother jeans and i had to go up to a 32 in these (ugh!) because they just ran smaller or whatever. i am curvy on the bottom but the 31's just felt too tight and pulled everywhere.  second  the color is not quite right in this picture; it looks more military green. it is not - it is a much brighter military green vs a moss green. that is throwing me a bit. not quite as versatile or neutral to me.  meanwhile  the styling with the
Cute but too thick and rough
The top is quite lovely and good quality. i ended up getting a size 4  which fit similarly to the model photos. i am smaller up top and wide in the hips  but the shape worked well for my shape.
I really didn't expect this sweater to be so short. i'm 5'8" and there is no way it would fit me properly. i honestly didn't even try it on. i pulled it out of the bag and put it right back in and returned it. it looks like a crop top. i bought the blue  which was not as rich and nice looking in person as the picture. i love most things i buy through retailer but this was a swing and a miss.
Overall the top is cute . what doesn't show in the photo are the pleats on the shoulder/neck area. the placement of the pleats makes you look like you have a football player neck . the neck area doesn't lay flat but comes off as puffy at your neck. i've never seen pleats placed in such a spot. ruined an otherwise cute top
Bought this in the silvery grey color in the store yesterday  and i have to say the photos don't do this top justice. it hangs beautifully  is nicely lined  and is well made. i will leave the ties hanging rather than tied. it isn't too long  but long enough and has a nice swing. i'm short waisted and large breasted and this top is super flattering on me!
Ordered this top online  as i loved the colors and design  but i should have listened to the other reviewers. i ordered my usual size m  and it was just very unflattering. it was short and wide  not at all like it's pictured on the model. needless to say it was immediately shipped back.
This sweater has the weirdest stitching  although the buttons on the sleeves are a nice touch and the hunter green color is to die...poor fit means poor sweater :)
Love the feel and comfort
I like the color of this dress  but its a little thin for fall. on me  the neckline is more round and the sleeves a little cappier. i have dresses in this brand in both a size small and medium. i went with a small in this dress. returning it for a medium.
This is a thick jacquard fabric and the colors are stunning. this would be best for very thin petties or tall women. i'm 5'4"  125#  27/4  and it was just too much fabric so my waist looked thick. the length was great though. sad it didn't work out
I carefully read the reviews and decided to order a medium since that size works for me generally with floaty styles. the neck was a bit small but once over my head it fit and looked nice. the deal breaker for me is the huge droopy armholes that showed half my bra. the colors are deeper than shown. but the pattern and length overwhelmed my shape feeling a lot like a maternity top. i liked that the sides are shorter but overall it's just not my style. better suited i think for taller  slimmer bod
I purchased the poppy tunic in gold - it's a beautiful rich color - and overall am super happy with the cut of this sweater. retailer has been emphasizing oversized  flouncy tops for a few years now that do nothing for those of us with small waists/big booties - this top is just the opposite and i hope to see more like it. the wide neck is graceful and the sweater curves in nicely without hugging the body.
I love the design of this top - short and swingy  with a cute mock turtleneck and interesting textured pattern. definitely runs large - if you're between sizes  definitely go for the smaller one. it also has pretty large armholes  so you can kind of see your bra from the side.
I got the white with black print and it is nice material and a pretty dress. i just would have preferred a better cut but overall pretty work dress .
I love these jeans  but they do stretch out! i was surprised at how loose they were right after washing/air drying the first time.
Just didnt like the fit. it "puffed out" in front  so that wasnt very flattering. i have an hourglass shape  and this was not a good fit for me.
This is a well made sweater. i sometimes have a problem with wool but this is as soft as cashmere and does not itch at all. the color is beautiful and will work with gray black tan and navy. i found this to run a little bit on the large side. i am between a size large and extra large and ordered the extra large. there is too much fabric on the sides and the peplum starts at an awkward spot  mid hip instead of waistline. i think that sizing down to a large will solve these problems. it is really
I love this top. i bought it in the blue but loved all the colors. i fell in love with it on-line and hesitated ordering it only because i was afraid that the arm holes would be too large (based on what i saw in the picture). fortunately they had it at my local retailer  so i was able to try it on. my usual xs fit perfectly. great flow  soft and casual. perfect for those cool nights in the summer or layered with a cardigan in the winter.
I'm a pretty solid 10 these days (and had no trouble fitting into other size 10 dresses at the store). the large was so tight around my hips. i barely got it on. they didn't have an xl to try on  but i can't imagine i would have fit in it. so  if you have wide hips  this is not the dress for you. it fit fine on top in the l  it was just so tight in the hips that it did not lay nicely.
I tried on this jumpsuit in black and it was absolutely beautiful. i liked that it looked sort of like a tuxedo  i wore it one time and received so many compliments. when i washed it  however  it shrunk almost 1 size! the pant legs were high water. i even tried washing and restretching it because i loved the jumpsuit but it wouldn't budge  i think because rayon is not stretchable material. to my disappointment  i returned it. i really wished it would have worked out.
Remember those cable-knot cotton sweaters that were popular in the eighties?! that's exactly what this sweater is. everywhere your body bends like elbows is emphasized by the fact that cotton does not bounce back like other finer fabrics like wool and cashmere. i'll pass on this!
This top is beautiful and unique  but also i predict it will be high maintenance with the sleeves -- definitely have to be careful with the delicate sleeves.
This is a very nice quality t-shirt. i loved the material & colors. i got it on sale and the only reason i had to return it because it was small on me. due to the nice sale  another size was not available.
This cardigan was a keeper for me. i love the pin that pulls the two sides together or worn open is just a nice decoration. four starts only because i felt like the arms ran a little short.
Love the simple non-fussy style of this dress. note that the color is not ivory  as described and expected (not the first time retailer makes that mistake)  however i still found the oatmealish-warm beige color to be flattering to my skin tone (warm tones look best on me). like that the shoulders are covered while still feeling sleeveless  gives it a dressier feel. the fine texture is lovely. this does drape up top  while the bottom clings a bit  but not overly much for me to feel immodest. i am 5
This open cardigan runs really big and has way too much fabric. even going down a size i felt like i was swimming in it.
Love the fit of pilcro jeans. it's always a struggle to find a white jean that is flattering around the thighs and doesn't show off lumps and bumps! these are terrific quality indeed.
Once i tried this dress on i understood why the pricepoint was so high! it's very thick ( but not uncomfortable) and very well made. love the color and style of this dress  but as others have said  the model picture is deceiving. try it on in store to see if you like it for yourself! i'm curvy on top and bottom with broad shoulders and personally it was a no for me  i found other dresses that i loved more  this one was pretty but wasn't a hit for me.
These are the very stretchy  almost spongy  type fabric.  i ordered my usual size and they fit me like a sausage skin.  crazy small!!!
This is such a cute and different jacket. of course i asked if they had it in black but i am glad they didn't because this is such a great color that is so versatile. i use it as a topper when it is not that cold out with a short sleeve under it or a long sleeve fitted shirt. you can wear with jeans or black pants if you want. great material for the price as well. i am usually between a small but more of a medium in my jackets. i ordered this in xs/s and it has plenty of room to even wear a swea
... for the model to look like this? pros: nice quality. the colors of the blue version  at least  are rich and beautiful. note that the dark color pictured is really brown  not black. the colors are also much brighter than they appear in the picture. it is a medium to heavy weight sweater knit which is well suited for fall-winter. it is layered over a bright navy poly slip. cons: i am 5'8 135# . i looked like i was wearing a circus tent in med. the sleeves were more dolman than fitted. i imagin
I'm 5'9" and 155lb. i have been wearing small a but this was realllllly small especially at my arms. it made me look like i was taking off... much more beautiful on the model. a medium would e been too big on my torso. the color is amazing! made my blonde hair really pop. i don't love green but this was so different.  would love to find something else in this color that suits me! you need to be a super skinny waif to look good in this!
I'm obsessed with this dress.  it's so pretty and love that it has a lining.  i'm 5'1" and got a small  i had dry cleaner take it in from the sides so i didn't look swallowed up in dress and now it's perfect.  still has the swing but not as bulky.   can't wait to wear it out!
The embroidery on this was beautiful but didn't hang well on my athletic/small chested upper body.
The back of this t-shirt looks cute but the front looks really weird. the material in the back is quite stiff but the grey material is soft  so the front gray area ends up hanging weirdly and looking uneven and messy. i appreciate asymmetrical clothing but to me it looked like a patched up rag from the front. it fits true to size.
Top is very wide and flowy. i am petite with large chest so it hung from widest point and was not flattering. would be very cute with the right body shape.
The regular length i tried on in store definitely didn't work for me. for reference in the photos i have a medium on and my measurements are 38-30-40.
I see all the amazing reviews and on one hand  i agree with them. but these pants do run huge and they don't fit tailored like on the model. on me  they fit loose around the legs and thighs and they're super wrinkly. you'll have to iron these after every wear and every wash. i'm surprised to see the comment saying they're wrinkle resistant. they aren't. also  the kahki is more grey which i don't love. i got these on sale  but even at $50 i just can't justify keeping them. they're super comfy but
This is really cute online  but is not fantastic on or in person. this is a top that i may be returning. i love the open shoulder  but the material is very thin  and the top runs large. it also hangs really low in the back which i am not a huge fan of.
I had such high hopes for this dress and really wanted it to work for me. i initially ordered the petite small (my usual size) but i found this to be outrageously small. so small in fact that i could not zip it up! i reordered it in petite medium  which was just ok. overall  the top half was comfortable and fit nicely  but the bottom half had a very tight under layer and several somewhat cheap (net) over layers. imo  a major design flaw was the net over layer sewn directly into the zipper - it c
I really like this dress  i wish they still had xxs p as the xs p is still a little big (i guess ti is the style). i love the eyelet design  the high low is very flattering  and the neckline too. very comfortable. i am not sure if i will keep it as i still think the xxs p would be more flattering  but i like it enough to consider keeping the bigger size.    nice with a jeans jacket and brown clogs!    (115 lbs  30 dd  26.5 in waist)
I absolutely love slips  and i like the grey tone of this one-and that it is not super shiny. it adds to the versatility of the slip-which i wear many ways. i wear them as under layers for long cardigans  i wear them as a real traditional slip under other dresses  and i also have been known to wear them to bed. the fabric on this one is absolutely comfortable and lightweight. i like that the fabric is cut in a babydoll format and the straps are wider (an a different color) which adds just enough
I was not going to purchase this jacket thinking it was too pricely but i am glad that i did. true to size and made with great craftsmanship. it looks very delicate but made strong. very pretty .... true too picture. it works out perfect for after yoga!
What an adorable and frustrating skirt! i'm not a large person: 32d-26-36. and i ordered my normal size small. this is a pull on skirt  and the waist opening could not accommodate either my shoulders or my hips. in most retailer clothes  i'm either a size 2 or 4; i have to agree with the other reviewer. there is no way to put this item on.
I tried this sweater on in the store. i wanted to love it so badly as it is soft and feminine  and would be a great causal layering piece. however  there are pockets in the sweater that are right on seam  and they actually bubble out from the natural drape of the sweater. not to mention  unless you're built very narrow  the pockets will fall at  and accentuate hips  and not in a flattering way. the nice details are the feel of the knit  the layered style  with a cottony lined hood and "faux" lay
When i ordered this all the petite sizes were no longer available. i tried the xs. it was actually a nice length for me (5'4") and even the arm openings were not too large which is a plus. i expected all the extra flow and material on the back of the tunic but there was too much fabric on the front too...very unflattering. if it had been a closer fit on the front i probably would have kept it. the color is very nice but the fabric is pretty standard...nothing that makes it stand out. it is very
The fabric quality and style are amazing. the fabric is very high quality and so soft and the style is nice for an adult. i generally don't wear shorts because of length  style and other problems but i can wear these without feeling like a high schooler. i usually wear a 24/00 in pants  i ordered the 0 and was worried that it would be too loose and look sloppy on me but it fits amazingly. one of my favorite purchases ever!!!
This shirt is stunning- definitely a shirt for special occasions. it's more than i would normally pay for a top  but it is a really special piece of clothing. the fit is slim- i'm 5'6" and 118 pounds. i typically wear an xxs or xs in retailer clothes. the xxs is just right. it is quite sheer  so i imagine i will wear a nude tank top underneath.
I love the look and feel of  this easy dress. i loved that it comes with a baby blue slip  however i was in between sizes. the medium - a bit too small and the large- just too big. this dress is probably best in a tall thin body type  especially in a madras plaid.
This top is so pretty and festive. i am purchasing it for a holiday party. i debated between a m and l  but went with the m  and i'm glad i did. it is generously sized. finding bottoms for it has been a little tricky. i'm thinking i will try the velvet pants as shown.
I saw this dress at my local retailer and passed it the first time. one week later  i stopped by and skimmed through the store and went back to the dress...and decided to try it on. boy oh boy! i grabbed a small and a medium (i usually wear a medium) and the small fit perfectly! the fabric is thick and feels so soft and nice. i love the pockets! worth the splurge and like the other reviewer said- it's not maternity like at all. i plan to wear it with brown boots or brown heels.
I have been hunting for a pair of high rise flares that have significant width at the bottom and these are perfect. i love the vintage silhouette and how they make your legs look a mile long and i adore how they open wide enough to cover my shoes  not to mention being long enough for me to wear a 3.5" heel and still skim the ground. for reference  i'm 5'8 140lbs with super long legs and straight athletic build. i sized up to a 30 which is usually for me in ag jeans so for the brand  they run tts
This appears much more pink in person. i'm not really a pink girl but thought i'd try.   the way the shoulders are cut makes my defined shoulders/arms look too intense for my liking. this would look nicer on someone more petite and less athletic in my opinion. i like that the bust has slight padding that can make a bra unnecessary for yoga  spin  pilates  ballet  or barre class. it's nice and fitted and true to size. would be really cute on the right person.
Omg. i also bought this years ago. i have worn it every year and get compliments on it every day! i'm so excited to buy it again! i might actually buy 2. just love it!!!
I have been looking for an off-white vest and thought this one would be perfect  except it is going back. i am 5'9" 150 lbs. medium is my normal top size  but this medium was tight even though the design looks relaxed in the picture. no buttons  so no way to close it. unlined and the design and fabric look more casual than the photo. not worth the price.
I loved the pattern  color and mock turtleneck style of this top  but it was just too short on me. i purchased the xs in the ivory color (i am 5'5"  32d  110 lbs for reference). i had planned to layer this under jackets for work  but every time i raised my arms  you could see my stomach. i would not have felt comfortable wearing it to work because of this. the fit was slightly boxy also  and it was not flattering when i tucked it into a skirt because the boxy shape caused the shirt to bunch up s
I ordered this in blue and the color is absolutely gorgeous! i really loved it until i put it on. wow it was bad. i ordered a small--normally a sm/med due to bust but this was so wide and had so much material. it wasn't long but rather incredibly boxy. one of the most unflattering things i've ever tried at retailer.
I have been on the fence about this blouse until i went into the store and tried it on. instant love for me. the fabric is not sheer.....yeah! the shoulders are cut in  so you may need a halter bra. i typically go between a 4 or 6  but found the cut at a a line so there is a nice flow  but not overly so  so purchased the 4. the colors will go with anything  for many seasons. love the quality.
I wanted to love this shirt. the fit was a little off and i wish it had come in a little at the waist to be more figure flattering before it flared out. the fabric is nice but wrinkles easily and in the white is see through.. sadly i will be returning.
This is a super cute tunic - it is simply way too big.
The color of this top is lovely. however  i felt the quality was lacking for the price. the fabric is thin and the top i tried on in the store had some loose threads already. fit was tts for me.
I used my birthday month discount to treat myself to this gorgeous chemise and matching robe in the mauve. the color is prettier in person than on my computer. i bought it in size m  and size m clothes are normally a little big on me. this chemise fits  but there is no extra room or looseness. i am disappointed in the quality of the pieces. i have several beautiful 100% silk undergarments that i bought for myself in the 80s and 90s  and i am comparing this chemise (& robe) to those. this silk us
I absolutely love this sweater. it is a great quality sweater dress and a beautiful color. so comfy and warm too. i never want to take it off. definitely one of my favorite purchases from retailer.
Love these pants  and will wear them all season like a uniform. but  the quality is a little low. made in china  and the black dye may be coming off on white clothes and my skin. i haven't washed them yet  and a little scared to. super comfy  stretchy and still classy despite the quality issues.
If you haven't yet joined the jumpsuit bandwagon  now is the time! this jumpsuit is absolutely stunning! classy  elegant and a stand out piece. i purchased at full price. i have a hard time with jumpsuits as i am quite tall and they usually look like an adult onsie on me - this jumpsuit made me feel beautiful  put together and graceful. i cannot recommend it enough! fit is true to size  i am a 4 and purchased the 4. not too short in the crotch and i am almost 5'10. form fitting but still a bit f
This is absolutely beautiful. the picture online doesn't do it justice. i slipped this on with skinny jeans in the store and was hooked instantly. fit was a little large. i would have tried a petite but this shirt doesn't come in petite sizes. love this!
Very figure flattering!! i am 5'6" 128 lbs 32b chest and size xs is perfect
I really liked this dress. the tie defines the waist  and the skirt volume is flattering. one minor concern i had was the dress is a bit thin  although the skirt is lined. i think this will be a great summer in fall transition piece.
I never write reviews but this dress is so fantastic i felt compelled to write one. it has unbelievably gorgeous detailing  from delicate beading and sequins on the bodice to the three layers of the skirt: slip  floral pattern  pleats. i literally feel like a princess/ greek muse in this dress. can't recommend it enough. true to size; i'm 5'7" and 133 lb and got a size 4.
I love this skirt! the color is beautiful  much darker than in the photo. the only issue i have is with the length. it's much longer in real life. i'm definitely going to need to have it shortened.
This dress is absolutely lovely. i couldn't leave the store without it  even though it was full price and i have a million dresses. it's just that great. i am 5' 8" 130 lbs and bought the small
Love this skirt! i did have to get one size larger than usual but the length was perfect on me and i love the color (i got the slate).can be dressed up or down.
Love this dress! the other reviews were accurate. it is a lot of fabric and i can't decide whether i will actually use the belt that it came with. but i think it would be a great  beachy dress for the summer.
I love the tie-dye look! i ordered the blue color in my usual size small. fit is tts. love it!. just a fyi: 1. on mine  one arm is a darker blue tie-dye  the other is very light (color variation). 2. the white band on the mock-neck doesn't give much  so be careful when putting on/taking off.  i think it's pricey  but ordered during the promo so that made it better. it came yesterday  put it on w/ my washed blue skinny jeans  out to dinner we went!
This shirt is made of a thicker material  so you are able to wear it through multiple seasons. i also liked that it is a bit longer. however  it runs a little large  so i would order a size down if possible.
I absolutely love this dress. the color is beautiful and saturated  the fit is spot-on and so flattering. i ordered my usual size 10 - for reference i am 5'9"  170# 34f bra and 40-41" hips. i love this brand!
The design of this dress was very off for my 5'4"  120 lb  32d frame. it's low-cut and tight in the bust  but then very voluminous and unstructured around the hips  making me look wide there. a belt didn't help much. the fabric is nice  but the overall effect of the dress was frumpy.
Beautiful dress for those with a large chest and small waist. sadly i am not one and needed to return the dress. fabric is heavy and the pattern is great.
Very elegant feel and look. love the side zip  sliming feature. great all around pant to dress up with heals or boots for work.
I love the simplicity and modernity of this tunic; however  the pockets ruin it  if that's possible. they make the dress bulky around the hips. i usually wear an 8 or medium and i ordered this dress in a medium. i think this brand runs a little small. the bulky pocket issue may be solved with a larger size. the weight of the fabric is a little heavy which prevents year-round wear. i love the subtle texture. one odd thing  the tag is attached to the stand-up collar. i had my hair up when i tried
I ordered this in tan and white  but ended up returning it. the material is a bit thin (but soft). the shape of the top was decent  i didn't think it was too boxy but i didn't like how the seams looked on the sides. ultimately i didn't think it was worth the price.
Weave on the sweater quite open and easily snags . the first day i wore it the seam on the sleeve began to unravel. needed to use a crochet hook to reweave after the first wearing. not confident that it will hold up well to its first wash.
This is a cute top but a little pricey for cotton t shirt material. the arms and shoulders/armpit feel a little tight but is loose and flowy below the bust. it is not as dressy in person as it appears in the photos. a cute top for jeans or leggings as the length falls below the hip.
Despite retailer's claim that they have "fixed" the button issue on this coat  beware. they haven't. i ordered this coat november 18th  feeling safe that the issue that scores of other reviewers had noted was fixed  because retailer indicated "rest assured  this issue has been fixed" (as noted in the item description). feeling confident that i'd get a non-defective coat at this late date in the quality assurance cycle  i was severely disappointed to open my shipment tonight (nov 24th) immediately di
I wrote item ran large  but that was true only in length. it would be long for someone 5'10" . however the bigger issue is getting it on. the style and quality are quite nice  but it does have some issues.
I am very particular about jeans. it's not just the look; it;s the feel and the quality of the fabric that won me over. the mid-rise wide-leg crop is perfection. i'm 5'7" and a size 8. these are extremely flattering and versatile to go casual or incorporate into a more professional feel. great way to show off some of the fabulous fall footwear options as well. i highly recommend.
Super cute dress and very flattering. simple  fresh  and fun!
Great fit  runs maybe a tad big but overall great fit/quality.
I loved this dress and purchased it in my usual m. however  i agree with another reviewer that it is too long for me at least  so i returned this and will buy it in petite instead. if you are shorter (i'm 5'2)  the regular length doesn't fall right  the shorter front section falling right at the knee and the longer section falling halfway on my calf . but great style! looking forward to seeing it on me in the petite.
I got the top in green  it is very soft and comfy. it does flare out a little if you wear it untucked but looks really cute tucked into jeans or a skirt.
Recently  i have been so wanting to get a lightwash denim jacket and i found the piece right here! i love that its cropped and so easy to wear. its not stiff at all and sized right. i got an xs my normal size and its so comfy and surprisingly soft.   great find but just a bit pricey.. but probably bc its paige. too bad pilcrow couldn't have made something like this.
The top for this suit is great - i'm pretty small up top so it's rare that i find a suit that doesn't gap. however  the bottoms run so small. for reference  i'm a size 0 in dresses and 2/4 in pants. i ordered the xs and s to start  both were too small. with high hopes that i could keep this adorable suit (and well made otherwise!)  i ordered a size m bottom. they were still small. sadly  i'm giving up and returning.   only order this suit if you're super  super tiny on the bottom.
This shirt looked cute until i tried it on... worst fit ever. im thin  and this style of top is usually quite flattering  but this one missed the mark big time.
I must be one of the rare people that this dress did not work for.  i adored it online and even on the hanger.  putting it on  it just looked frumpy on me (i tried my usual small first).  decided i must need a smaller size  so i sized down to an xs.  this one looked much better on  but was nearly impossible to get in and out of  the built in slip got twisted and i had to start over twice).  i decided i wasn't willing to work up a sweat getting dressed and undressed when i wore it.  i passed.
Without seeing the 'online exclusive' notation  i went into my local retailer store to try on this sweater because sometimes i wear small and sometimes a medium. once the very helpful retailer employee looked it up and advised they don't carry it in stores  i ordered it at the check-out desk in a size medium. i was so excited with anticipation because i love stripes and i love the color gray... this sweater was right up my alley. i was very disappointed when i decided to return it. first of all  i d
Worth every single penny. size up - they are very tight!
I really liked these jeans initially  but by the end of the day the waist is really baggy. the fabric stretches with wear and takes a wash to get back to its original shape.
I wanted to love this sweater and it has some nice distinctive features that make it more interesting than your average cardigan. unfortunately  however  i found that flared in an unflattering manner over my stomach. the chest fit well - though it was very low cut - but then if i buttoned the sweater it made me look like at least three sizes larger.  the quality seemed okay  but a bit thin and i was afraid that this would not hold up for long.
Designs are nice and texture feels comfortable  but sleeves are odd because they are angled.  i wonder what i should do to look cool in this t-shirt.  i tried wearing neutral motif  but i still felt odd.  also  width is relatively wide  so it runs large.  i rated average for overall rating because of these odd sleeves and feelings.  personally  i do not recommend this t-shirt  but who knows  it may be right for you...  so  my advice is to try wearing it in a fitting room and check whether it loo
After the reviews about sizing  i ordered the size 16 (am normally size large). interestingly  the tag on the blouse says it's a 14. with all that said  the blouse is cute enough and sizing up gave me enough length (in spite of the higher sides) that i'm considering keeping it. although it's a bit big  it flows nicely and isn't oversized in that wide  crazy way. the sleeves are a bit too big but they're cuffed with a button and can be rolled. the fabric is somewhat crinkled in texture. i got the
The top is cute  but when i received it  it did not feel like cotton. the tag says 100% viscose. i hope retailer can be more accurate with fabric content in the future! on the plus side  the return was no problem.
I ordered this quite nice cardigan. i received the sweater promptly (yay fast shipping!) but never received the belt to it. i tried emailing about it  but didn't get a response. the sweater really is the softest thing ever but it will not close without the belt and trying to use a different belt just doesn't work. i hope to receive the belt soon  because i'd really like to wear this a lot this winter.
I tried these on in-store not intending to buy them (was trying on shirts and needed to see how they would look with jeans!) and loved them! great "medium blue" color and they fit me so nicely (i am 5'2" with actual hips and thighs :) ...the price is a bit high for me though. hoping to find a pair at some point when they are on sale!
I loved the color of these but they bagged out with just one wear. they are going back to store.
I wanted something for the hot summers here  and this fits the ticket. very lightweight and airy. it's somewhat of a strange design  short in the front  hitting an inch or two above the knee  but the back is unusually long. the lining is awkward  and kind of tight and difficult to get into. the material is very thin  and although i haven't noticed any strings or unraveling like other reviewers  it's not the highest quality. overall the dress is nice and lightweight  but not the greatest quality
This is a great skirt and i have received so many compliments wearing it. it's soft as butter and adorable with the ruffle on the bottom. i do find it runs small. i usually wear a 27 in jeans or a small in various tops and bottoms (and occasionally find i can fit in a 26 or xs) but i purchased a medium in this skirt. this is a very versatile piece. so far i have worn it to work (i'm 5'6" and it's not inappropriately short at all) with tights  heels  and a jacket  but i'm excited to style it for
This top is lovely  but fits like a crop top -- and i'm very short-waisted. i wore it with high-waisted jeans and was tugging at it all day. i think it will probably work better with a skirt. the colors are beautiful; it has a nice retro vibe. recommended if you don't mind the crop factor.
I thought these pants were cute! when i put them on  they fit perfectly  and were comfortable  however i wore them for about 20 minutes and they were a completely different size  and looked awful!
The sides scooped up a bit too much on me. i was hoping to be able to tuck this into a skirt and wear to work  but there were definitely some gaps that showed the side of my midriff. back it goes. :(
If you are like me and your shoulders are broader than your hips  the boat-neck on this won't be too wide on you. ---------- i am normally a m or l in retailer tops  and went with the m  and i have very large biceps. if you're broad-shouldered but have smaller arms  i would recommended sizing down a size. ---------- i have a very long torso and didn't find this to be too short...but i love jeans with a 10" rise. if you are going to pair this with low or medium (8.5") rise jeans  then yes  you will
I splurged on this pajama set for myself and now regret it. even though the design is adorable  the knitted fabric contains acrylic and started pilling a lot within the first week of wear. after a month and a couple washes  it looks horrible. it may be the worst case of pilling i've ever seen in a fabric. so so disappointed. it initially fit true to size but has stretched out a bit over time.
I just bought this and i really disagree with previous review that it runs big - i wear an 8 in skirts and bought another retailer skirt last week that fits just fine - this one does not even zip up. i might exchange for bigger size  as label is just a number to me and sizes are really inconsistent - or it may just go back.
I purchased this sweater in my usual xs  but found the silhouette to be way more tent-like than pictured on the model. the knit is pretty stiff  too  so the sweater didn't lay flat but hung on me in kind of a triangle shape. also  the sweater knit was heavier than i expected from the picture and seemed to be more of a fall weight piece. i am fairly small  but lately i'm finding that retailer pieces are huge in an xs and i have to size down to xxs. i know i'm not that tiny ... maybe this wou
Love this with leggings or jeans for a casual look. quality seems ok  though i'm hoping for no shrinkage after i wash since it's the perfect length at the moment (i'm 5'7" and it just covers my butt). good sale purchase!
After reading other reviews i ordered a small. my usual size is a m. it was huge all around. it's a beautiful print but i think it would make a nice maternity top.
I purchased this shirt in blue and i like it. the fabric is more of a stretchy/jersey material - didn't expect that. but the shirt looks decent on and is comfortable.
I recently purchased this dress and am so happy with it. the gathered area over the bust is visually interesting and isn't too revealing. the jersey material hangs beautifully. i also appreciate it being lined.
This top has a nice design. i love the lace up back which makes it much more adjustable in shape. if you lace it lower it is more flattering to your waist. however the fabric quality is very poor on the white tank. it arrived with a small tear in the front hem area  which i could have easily fixed. it is very sheer; even with a nude bra  my bra was too visible for my comfort. plan on wearing a full camisole underneath  tank  or bralette you are fine with being on display.
Unique design. love the collar and broad cuffs. the xs regular fits me better than the s petite  which is a bit short.
This vest is very nice and fashionable  very stylish. i like it a lot. however  it is too itchy. the opening in the front didn't allow me to close as many buttons as i like but i would totally wear this stylish vest even though it is not as functional when it is cold. however  the itchiness is too much. i don't wear wool unless it is ultra soft or mixed with cashmere  so i could not imaging wearing this vest  it is too itchy. why ruin such a good thing?
I had high hopes for this dress  but unfortunately   was disappointed and returned the dress. it flares out with too much material under the gathered waist. it's so odd.
Was very surprised when i opened the package  this dress is very thin fabric and you need to wear a half slip as it is see through. the top of the dress is short to the draw string and does not drape bloused style at all. i have a short waist length so it should have worked. the color is a little darker than pictured  but over all looks cheap so full price with tax makes it way over priced. going back asap.
Material is thick and warm. print is very pretty. i received complements from all age groups. fits a little boxy but it works.
This top in the remaining blue - green is not the top pictured.  it's like the photos posted in a recent review by inwonderland.  the color is deep and beautiful.  the neck is high  the lace is floral  there's a seam under the bust with a center pleat falling from it.  there's no reason for hesitancy at the sale price.
Perfect fit. did not lose its shape. thicker material. great quality for a great price. definitely  a wardrobe  staple. can be dressed up or down. work (business) appropriate. fits tts. for reference   i am 5'0"  109lbs  and the 00 petite fits perfect. falls right above ankle like pictured. if they had more colours  i would get them too :)
Thought i would splurge on a tracy reese coat. i got a size small  (120  5'6) felt huge on me and i looked like a wooly mammoth. very unflattering. another reviewer also mentioned on how it flairs slightly at the bottom?.adding to the overall bad look. i had it on for about 20 seconds and put it back in the bag to return. din't have to ponder about it at all.
I usually wear a medium and bought a small. it fit ok  but had no shape and was not flattering. i love baby doll dresses and tops  but this was a tent. my daughter saw me try it on and said "that's a piece of tablecloth." it's going back.
So i got this on sale and the only size they had was a xs petite. i didn't have my hopes very high but i thought i would give it a shot. the dress came today and it fit great. i am 5"6" so the petite came just above my knees but the dress is still adorable. the material and cut is great. this is not what i was looking for but it is a welcome addition.
I know this is supposed to look oversized  and i own a few oversized ponchos  but this takes oversized to a whole new level.  i ordered it in my usual size and it was just waaaaay too much fabric - i do not think sizing down would have made a difference.  if you are looking for that  it seemed like good qualify.
This top makes me feel like the artist i am. it's so beautifully embroidered and detailed! i wear it with cords or jeans and it never gets boring. it was worth every penny!
This skirt runs very large--even in the petite line. there was also no shape to the skirt (at least as it looked on my body). the color was nice (in the pink-grapeish hue)  but ultimately the skirt just looked like a tent on my body (00p).
I received the vest and it was pretty much as pictured however  the color isn't quite yellow; it has a little green to it  kind of chartreuse.    i returned the item because it didn't look as good on me as it did on the pictured model. this would probably look better on someone taller than me.
The dress is true to size  but has generous stretch to it. i absolutely love this dress  i compliments where needed and hides what needs to be hid  for me the tummy!
I was so excited to see that these were on sale post holidays. love the style and the fit. my only disappointment was that they don't have as much stretch as i thought they would (i wrote above that it "runs small" but if it had more stretch then the sizing would be ok). for reference i'm 5'5 and 10. i usually wear 25 in pilcro pants but these felt tighter. i would exchange for a 26 but they're sold out unfortunately!
Ii loved the idea of this summer top flowing in the breeze... then i got it and the selves did nit give as much slack as i would have hoped #spandex so #returned!
Looks exactly as it does in the pictures. very comfortable  loose flowing  and has a slip underneath it. i'm personally a little hesitant to buy clothes online because it's always a guessing game when it comes to figuring out what size. with that  i have wide hips/big thighs so i tend to vary between medium and large  but thankfully the medium fits like a glove!
This is by far one of my favorite dresses i have tried on in a long time. i am a 2-4  the small was tts and so flattering. i think this would be better for someone taller with a lean frame  though its not super tight and the material has a great weight to it  it isn't lined and could definitely show figure flaws. for me it skims my body elegantly and was very comfortable through the bust  waist and hip (34c/26/36). it fits me like the model in the image. the one down side is that it is pullover
So nice to switch it up from all my black and gray sweats. these are luxuriously soft  and so so comfortable. they are light weight and beautiful. i am 5'5   125 and i am very happy with the size xs i purchased . was deciding between xs and s and i am happy i went with the xs. worth every penny. you won't regret. also   finally - perfect length .
Ugh  the fit of this dress is terrible :/ what a beautiful dress though -- the material and the colors -- had so much potential. but  the fit is awful -- i ordered by regular size and the top was more or less ok  if not a tad big  but hip down was crazy tight that i couldn't even zip it without a ton of effort. i don't think sizing up will help because then the top will be even bigger. disappointing.
I really like the hyphen pilcro chino pants so i figured i would try the shorts and voila' - i love the shorts too! colors are great and you don't have to cuff them if they seem too short - they're versatile and who doesn't love options?????
I saw this on one of the gals at my local retailer and fell in love. it is the coolest bomber and i instantly fell for it. i went with my normal l and i will be wearing this all fall and winter long it's just so unique and eye catching
This is a lovely jacket. i thought it was going to be thicker  but it's so classy and chic. i got several comments on it  and i've only worn it once! great jacket to have in my closet. i can wear it to work  to dress up an outfit for school  or to complete an outfit.
I have three pairs of these in different colors (one pair is striped) and i love them. they are flattering and comfy. they go with nearly everything. can't get enough!!!!!
The length in the front is too short and the bottom flares a lot which is really unflattering. i love the top half of the shirt but the bottom half should be more form fitting.
Ditto what the first reviewer said  unfortunately. i was so looking forward to receiving this dress but the one received is not the one in the photos. the graphics are fantastic - still love the boats- but the top is not the same and they've added a fabric belt to the finished dress. the fit was perfect except for gapping under the arms (similar  i suspect  to what the first reviewer reported). i was also surprised by the fabric. based on the photos i was expecting something light and semi trans
So wanted great pair of sweater leggings...great for running errands and keeping the outfit simple. these are not that. these fit very poorly...i ordered the small  which is more like a large one in the waistline...there is nothing to hold these up and i could fit two of me in them. unfortunately  i thought all would be fine and i discarded the receipt and have worn them a few times~
I bought this top in black. it is high quality material and i love the mock neck and zipper in back.  however  not only are the armholes are too large  the shirt is cut too short. if i size down for smaller armholes  it becomes a crop top  not a flattering look for 50-something me. i really wanted this to work  but alas  it went back.
I'm a fan of yumi kim dresses and consistently wear size small. so  i ordered this in a small  and the top was a little loose  but it was way too short. there's no way i would feel comfortable wearing this in public. i'm 5'7"  and the hem was higher than mid-thigh on me. the waist is also billowy and has no defined shape.
Surprisingly versatile and figure flattering without being too clingy and revealing like so many "bandage" dresses. the navy color softens the stripes. great piece for travel as it is light and does not wrinkle. i am 5'7" and 125 lbs. with a smaller chest and curvy hips. the small fits perfectly.
This top does sit weird  feels like a circus outfit... but at the same time its unique in its own way. i ordered a large and it was true to size in shoulders and chest area but larger and wider waist down  probably because of the way this top is styled. i'm 6ft tall 160 lbs i have curvy body and small chest 34a and i felt that top was a little too cropped for my long torso but i kind of liked it anyway. material is nice and soft for both grey wool and white cotton.
Has i read the reviews would have realized the t-shirt looking sleeves in the pic are attached to the sweater. based on the pic and site description i didnt realize they were attached. i thought it was part of the styling of the undershirt. i think this very much limits the versatility of the sweater. i ordered the white which is a beautiful color and very soft. i am returning it cause i do not like the t-shirt sleeve. would rather have the flexibility to layer whatever shirt i wanted
Super cute  flattering design but the material is itchy so it's going back:(
This cardi is cuter in the stock photos. in person  the colors are a bit more drab. stock photos also don't show quite how much of a swing shape this has. it is very soft  though. returned it!
This is a beautiful sweater that i wanted to love but i couldn't for a few reasons i thought i'd share: the color is bright orange. it is not softer like peach in the picture. it also was more clingy than a curvy woman like me can wear. i thought'd be more swingy but it was more structured. very pretty and good quality tho.
I loved the concept of the dress and that is why i chose to keep it in spite of the negatives. the grey color is drab  yet leaves room for creativity. it's stylish yet wrinkles horribly. i am 5' 2" so it hangs too low in the front and armpits. another reviewer mentioned the buttons  yet there should be one more to bring it up in the chest. the pockets are a great space for hands  yet fabric is too thin and they are side slits  so will not hold much. i typically wear a 4 petite and the small fits
I own many blouses by tiny. the arms on this blouse billow out which was not flattering or thinning on me. the shirt was just blah.
Love this top! such a fun pattern and style. soft too! easily paired with a sweater or light weight denim/cargo jackets for fall. i generally wear an xs in retailer tops and purchased this in a 2 which is a perfect fit. it could be a tad more roomy in the chest  however the 4 would be too big overall.
So cute  great for over a swim suit or walking around town. got these on sale. xxs fit perfectly! fabric is very soft  pom poms add fun styling.
I love these pants - they are very soft but the linen is thick and high-quality.
I've worn citizens for almost 12 years now  i keep going back because i have an athletic figure (my thighs and butt are bigger than my waist)  and usually citizens fit and hug all the right places and are made with a certain quality expectation - these did not meet any of those standards  the ripped as soon as i put them on. the material seemed cheap.
I love  love  love byron lars dresses. they fit my curves like a glove. but this one... i guess it would have fit me like a glove. but i live alone  and at the moment i don't have enough money to hire a lady's maid  and so i couldn't actually tell. it buttons all the way up the back  so you cannot put it on yourself  unless you are a contortionist. wanted to love this but can't.
I really wanted to love this but the cut was very wide  short  and crooked. after it was washed once  it was completely unwearable because it hung all wrong.
Very cute shirt  well made  nice detail  but a little long for my taste but i did keep it
I'm a sucker for beaded detailing  so i couldn't resist this blouse. it's so beautiful and fun! i can't wait to wear it!
Trousers fit tts with nice thick fabric and great fit. the length was perfect for my 5'9 height. they are flattering very nice quality.
Love this skirt  easy to wear and very flattering. looks better in person  i saw it at the store and bought it; when i looked at it on-line i didn't realize it was the same skirt. this is a "go to" skirt  comfy and sexy all in one! even wore it to the airport with a pair of boots and sweater....super comfortable and still looked nice! great purchase!
Soooo disappointed in this dress. the colors are beautiful for fall. the fabric feels luxe. the slip fits perfectly. the dress however is a hot mess. it is easily two times more fabric than needed to create a flow-y aline dress. huge everywhere. under the arms  and waist and hips. it's just an enormous tent. i am 5'8"  128 lbs. i ordered my usual size small. i looked shapeless in this. i can't think of any body type it would flatter. potentially  women quite far along in their pregnancy.
This is a beautiful top.  the detail in the pattern of the fabric is gorgeous and the color goes great with jeans.  love the design of arm holes  they don't show your bra!  the only con is price  but it's a keeper.
I really wanted to like this sweater. it was featured in the dressing room and i am a sucker for animal prints. the dog print is unique  a "mossy" fuzzy print  and the grey really shows off the dog print. i like regular xs because i like the fitted look (i am 5ft2in  34b  26 waist  36 hips)  the hem falls at my upper hip and the sleeves fall a bit pass my wrists. but  if you do not wear a turtleneck under it  you will scratch all day long. the designer should try on the fabric before selling it!
Thought this would be a great dress for warm days  but alas it fit like a sack. love floreat and have a few of their well made dresses. shame this did nothing for my curves. ordered an 8  usually wear a 10 and it was a tad narrow in the shoulders. if you can sport a loose swingy shape  this is a great dress with nice detailing  but sadly the shape did not work for me.
I wanted to love these pants  but they were larger than i expected and the fabric is very heavy. almost like a thick sweater.
When i first tried it on  i was worried it would add 10-15 lbs to my hourglass frame  but if worn correctly  it actually has a flattering  slimming effect. i recommend wearing it open (like in the photo) with the same type of outfit underneath...looks very chic! or  to give yourself a defined waist  use the provided ribbon belt tied to the side or use your own large  statement belt. also looks great with vintage sunglasses! the fabric quality can't be beat. it's nice and heavy to the touch. i ca
Lovely fabric  color and embellishment but this shirt was so long i can't even imagine wearing it over leggings.  i felt like i was wearing a dress.  there are too many cute tops on the market to bother having this one tailored (i don't buy sewing or ironing).    disappointed.
I tried this on in my usual size and it was tight through the chest because of the lining. i would have preferred to wear a cami beneath and then it may have worked. the color and pattern are gorgeous  the fabric feels a bit weird  kind of dry and rough? would have liked to see this in a longer length  and more tapered. it is an absolute pregnant top. so sad its so pretty!
This is like wearing an afghan  but i get cold really easy so for me that's a good thing. and it's super soft and not itchy. i could easily never take this off. runs a little large  but that should be fine when it gets layered. ...only thing i didn't like was the one long stitch that holds the wrap in place. i worry it will snap and the whole thing will unravel.
Love my new top! i wear it casually with skinny navy pants and dressed up with new wide leg winter white pants! it's funky style garnered lots of compliments. as a mother of two teens i love to dress cute and appropriate. it really pairs well with so much and the bold flower makes it stand out!
Despite being batwing and sort of poncho-like  this sweater is quite flattering on. hangs just right. unique cut and soft fabric.
Do not under estimate the boxy shape of this it looks kind of like a hospital scrub. i think with this top the styling is key. the sleeves are long and boxy and the neckline is somewhat of an oval so for me this wasn't a top i could just throw on without doing some outfit editing.i styled this with a dark high waisted skinny jean which i tucked the shirt into and some red heels and i was ready to go. anyways the material was great it was a silk type polyester that didn't seem to be static prone
I bought this top for my sister's birthday so the review is based on her opinion. she loved it and told me the embroidery was beautiful. she said it was tts. she also stated that the blouse was so versatile and could be worn dressed up or down.
Every year around this time  our beloved retailer comes out with a wool sweater coat. i've seen every style over the last five years and this year they have outdone themselves!!! this coat is a dream. not too thin and not too thick...it's the perfect layering piece. the fabric has perfect stretch in it. the colors are lovely (i ended up with the cream color  but i loved the green too!!) in many sweater coats i prefer an xl  but because of the stretch the l was just perfect. i'm 5'8 and it hits wel
I love this tank top. i was looking for a mockneck tank for a while  and this totally fit the bill. i wear it to work and out  and feel great in it.
This is one of those you can tell from the hanger that it's not going to work. too boxy. too short. and the girlish ruffle makes it look like an over-sized child's shirt that got all messed up in the washing machine.
Great dress. bit see through on the skirt. need to wear slip with it.
I was struggling with the options above-- does it fit true to size or is it too small or too large? it is both too small and too large  which is really strange. the model makes this shirt look stunning  but the product is actually very boxy. i am 5' 3"  weigh 112 lbs and i typically order anywhere from a 00p-0r/xxs-xs. i ordered this shirt in an xsp and the shirt sleeves were short and the middle was boxy. quite frankly  it looked like a maternity shirt and the structure was not worth the money
I found the dot print in the store and though the pattern was cute  but when i tried it on i just had to wonder - who actually looks good in this style? it fits like a sack  big and puffy in the middle but tapered at the hem. it creates the exact opposite on an hourglass shape. genuinely puzzled that anyone would look good in this style. to bad  i hope they use these cute colors and prints on a style with some waist-definition next time.
I'm small--5'1" and 90 lbs--and the petite xxs fits really well. the fabric feels soft  too. i can't wait for warmer weather so i can wear this.
I usually wear a medium or large in retailer clothes. i purchased this in a large and it fit perfectly. it is a clingier top but i didn't find it too much so. the ribbing makes it very attractive and slimming  and also can be worn as a stand alone turtleneck or easily as a layered piece. it is super soft and comfy as others have mentioned  and a tad thicker than just a cotton turtleneck would be - it has substance. also  it would be great for traveling because it doesn't wrinkle at all. love that!
I ordered this shirt online and just received it in the mail. the floral design is nice  but the mesh fabric in the back is low quality and cheapens the look of the shirt (especially considering the price). most disappointingly  the neck hole is almost as small as the arm holes. with no zipper or button opening i could not fit my head through the opening and  thus  could not even put the shirt on. needless to say  i will be returning it. i ordered the xs  so it is possible that larger sizes do n
The fabric on this shirt was beautifully woven and so soft/cozy. but the shirt was so wide! i'm 5'2"  103lbs and got an xs. there was room for two of me in there. it draped very well  but instead of looking slouchy and cool  it just looked too big. so  back it goes.
First of all  the label on this dress is maeve  not nue by shani. second  i just wasn't impressed. the fabric is cool...it has a sort of embossed look to it and it's somewhat shiny  which sets it apart in a good way. but the cut is just boring. the top felt dowdy to me...overall  i was underwhelmed by this dress and returned it.
I had been looking for a tee to wear under a kimono i bought last year at retailer. the cut out slub tee was the perfect tee. the slate color goes well with the colors in the kimono  along with being a good neutral. this is also a good tee to wear alone with a pair of jeans as it hangs nicely.
I'm an xl in retailer tops  and the xl in this blouse fit wonderfully. i bought the blouse in black  but will also probably purchase it in the cream. the blouse is made very nicely  however i had to deal with about 6 embroidered pieces that were not knotted. i had to take a needle  and thread the loose pieces to the back of the blouse and then knot them in with the rest of the embroidery. some of the individual flowers just came out entirely. however  this is such a stunning blouse and i feel so g
I bought this shirt in a l  since i didn't want it to be too fitted and was concerned a m would be. it is so boxy! it's like a completely different shirt. i have no idea how it looks good on anyone  unless it is simply widened the larger the size. maybe a m wouldn't be as wide and therefore as boxy  but this shirt is just a bad mess. returning.
I was excited to try this on in the store today. the zipper details on the shoulder are really cute and the ribbing pattern is flattering. i was disappointed when i put it on though because it fits like a baby-doll / pregnancy top. it's snug around the bust  and then flares out pretty widely through the lower half. you can't really see that on the model. i was hoping it was more of a fitted tee  but sadly  that wasn't the case.
I love this jumpsuit. i've worn it twice and received many compliments both times. absolutely gorgeous. i couldn't be happier. 5'5"  135  34c-6.
I've been stalking this beauty since it came out and when i saw it went on sale with an extra percent off code i knew i had to purchase. well worth the price i paid  a bit steep at full price.     i went with a size medium- i usually take a small/2-4 in retailer tops and these days i'm around a 32c. i'm also tall with long arms. the design is very forgiving with the cropped sleeve and non-closing front so you have some wiggle room. it fits me like it was custom made.     the material is a lightwei
This is a beautiful blue color and a fun swing design. it is very short so will be limited with what you can wear it with. looks very cute with higher waisted jeans and pencil skirts. it is wide but has a lovely flow/swing to it. love the fabric and it is a nice change to everyday style in wardrobe. so if you want something fun and flirty and feminine and you do not mind short this is your top.
I wanted so badly to love this sweater. the colors in the blue motif are fabulous and the yarn is soft and warm. but it does not fit me in a flattering way. i can't recommend a size  because the s and the m were exactly the same size and fit. the neck is broad and bulky and overwhelming  the sleeves have bulky cuffs that come down to my fingers  and the sweater slides across my shoulders. i'm 5'6". it appeared overstretched  and i feared it would only stretch out more over time and not be worth
This dress is adorable. i got it in red and it is very flattering. i love the shape - it has a slight flare without being too full. the fabric is firm so it holds a nice shape  and there is a stretchy material lining on the inside that make it very comfortable. my only complaint  and why i didn't give it a 5 star rating  is that the zipper sticks at the ribbon junctions. a bit frustrating  but not enough that i won't keep the dress.
This is the tiniest blazer i've ever purchased in a size 10. i usually wear an 8  but sized up based on other reviews and it was still too small. it's very attractive but please size true to size
This sweater is just as pictured. the fit is true to size  though it is a looser style rather than fitted sweater. it is short  though not cropped  and the sleeves are 1-2" too long  but it is still flattering. it hits at the top of my hip and it looks great with high-waisted flares. the scallop detail is perfect  just enough interest  but not overbearing. the material is soft and heavier than expected. it is a good weight for fall. i wish it was made of natural fibers instead of synthetics  but
Love  love  love this piece! very flowy  but made of good material. glad i purchased this item!
The product looked more or less as expected  but the fabric felt very cheap. not the quality i would expect from retailer. the shirt is also very short  which did not bother me but is something others should be aware of.
This shirt had everything going for it - the cut  the length  the fun texture  but when i stepped into the light it was totally see through. i don't want to have to wear another shirt underneath. this one is going back. definitely not a swing  but still cute.
I bought a petite medium and the length was right  but it fit like a potato sack. it was quite comfortable  and didn't look completely terrible from the front  but from the side  it was terribly unflattering. when i tried it on my boyfriend saw it and said it looked like i was wearing a nightie. i don't do form-fitting clothing  but this was the exact opposite and flared out every which way. it's got to go back.
I ordered an xl because most retailer button ups i need a 12 and sometime 14 due to my shoulders and chest but this was huge.
Bought this shirt because i loved the cut and the stripes. had little to no shape to it. some may think it runs big but it appears that is the look this top is going for. i feel like being short  i just looked kind of dumpy on me. fabric is nice but borders on see through. it was just ok....nothing exciting.
This is a lightweight knit dress that is well-designed but very form-fitting. i decided to return it because at almost 40 there are parts of my body that i don't need to show  but if you're in great shape or willing to wear shape wear  this would be super cute.
This is a gorgeous blouse  but it runs small in my opinion. i consistently wear a size 2 in moulinette soeurs  and i'm trying to decide if a 4 will still be too small  and if i need to exchange for a 6. construction and materials are lovely  just consider sizing up if you purchase this blouse.
Even following the care label exactly  it shrunk ~3 inches in the length and overall in the diameter. i had to return this since i am tall and it looked more like a work-inappropriate mini after the first wash.
Let me just say the ski pattern is the cutest thing i've ever seen!! i literally bought it as soon as a saw it. i got a size 2. i'm usually a 0 or 00 in most blouses and shirts  but i wanted this to be a litter looser so i sized up. it's definitely not oversized even though i sized up. the fit is a little boxy and a little shorter in the front - really flattering in my opinion. the material is really nice and it can definitely be dressed up for work or dressed down with jeans and a chunky scarf!
It fits super baggy everywhere and looked sloppy on me.
The fabric is so soft  but it was too roomy in the top and miid-section so it didn't flatter my body.
I generally like this style of pants- and these are particularly interesting  flattering and perfect for the season. love them.    the style can be bohemian and chic or more conservative. the color is also a dark navy  and there is black leather piping on the 'pockets' making them a neutral- navy or black. i've worn with a long sleeveless hi-low hemmed button down top and neutral (saddle) heels for work with a cream jacket- and with a t'shirt and flats for the weekend.     they have a bit of str
The lower part of dress bunches where buttons are  so the dress doesn't look flushed from top to bottom. i ended up returning it.
I am so in love with these pants. i generally stay away from wide legged pants because i think they make me look shorter (i am already short) but these are awesome. the fabric is not very thick so they are moveable which is great  but not so moveable that they feel like palazzo pants-they will hold their shape. i love the polka dot design so much and i actually really love the whole outfit with the black tie-top. these pants are long on me  but it isn't surprising since i am pretty short  i am t
The sweater is beautiful. i loved the tweed design. but the fit was boxy and the collar sat funny. so i had to send it back.
In truth  it looks better in the photo. i am sure it was a great value for the money i spent. however  i am keeping it because it will match perfectly with a pair of satin pants i want to wear to holiday parties.
Great fit and style. i got the navy and the color is beautiful.
Most comfortable and great looking! i got complements from everyone! literally!
Love this top so much. it's very unique and one of those tops that's "effortless" to wear. i was expecting it to be boxy because of what other reviewers had written  but i find it to be flattering and comfortable. i'm glad i ordered the small because i do think the medium (my usual size) would have been too big.
I was looking for some comfortable but still stylish shorts for the weekend. these hit the mark!
I've been looking for a nice summer maxi dress and after reading some positive reviews  i decided to get the dress. the fabric is soft and has a nice flow to it. however  i had to return the dress because the cuff of the sleeve was too tight on my forearm  which make it impossible for me to raise my arms.    i ordered size petite xxs
Love this blouse! the top is true to size...i'm generally a m and decided to try a pl which fit great. the pm was just a bit snug...looked fine but i felt a little constricted in the bust area and thought the pl was better for me. i'm 5'1" for reference and curvier on top than on bottom. i wore a nude bra when trying on and it totally worked with this blouse. the lace detail is a bit sheer in some parts near the bust line but nothing too inappropriate. i can't wait to wear it down to dinner for
The small is huge on me and the sweater is very itchy. cute idea but not for me. i will return it.
I don't normally write reviews  but this shirt was so terrible  that i felt inspired.     first off  the seam that is in both the front and back of the shirt is much more pronounced than in the photo. secondly  there is no shape whatsoever  unlike in the photo. it bells out like a tent. it honestly looks like a shirt you would buy if you were trying to appear pregnant when not. overall  this shirt is an insult to the female form.     retailer  what is with all of these shapeless  frocks in cheap f
Wow was this top huge on me! i am usually a large  but lean towards xl when things don't have stretch. i sized up out of fear that my bust couldn't squeeze into a large (36dd) and i didn't want the buttons in the back to gape. when i took this out of the package (i purchased the blue) i knew right away it was way too big. looked like it could fit my husband. the sides poofed out so far  i looked ridiculous (if you look at the photos  the model is trying very hard to control the poofiness with he
This style of shirtdress usually fits me perfectly  however  this did not fit me one bit. the waist was too large  the length too short  and the hips too small. i was really hoping this would fit  since it's a unique color and the material is substantial but soft. i will be returning this.
I ordered this in blue  and loved the color. i'm not typically into the flowing top style  but i tried a few items on my last order  this being one. it's unseamed at the bottom  which was my primary reason for returning it - i couldn't see that in the photo online - but if that is your style  this item is good quality  soft  comfortable material  and a great spring or fall blue.
This top is really pretty. it's a very strong embroidered lace all over (front and back) with small holes. but  the description states there is a polyester lining  and this is unlined! so there are holes. but  i do not think this is immodest and needs a cami. just wear a nude bra under it. the holes are not revealing at all.    the sizing is tts  and is as shown in the photo. i bought an xl because if a top isn't stretchy i need to wear a 16 or 18. this fits me  only it's not as loose in the bac
I ordered these jsut coz they were on sale... i now wish my size was offered in more colors. (only mossy-sage was left  though nice neutral color  really0.    the fit is great  stretchy but stil lslightly structured. i ordered the 25p and that was perfect  length fine too (i am 5'1.5"  115 lbs).    looked really nice with a pair of red heel i was trying on too!
Beautiful material- and washable!! i'm vertically challenged and the slits are a tad bit high  even for me- but still tasteful. i would suggest sizing down as i'm normally a medium in retailer but due to the nature of the material i opted to size down and i'm so glad i did!! no arm hole struggles with my particular dress either. overall just a really cute  versatile  cozy and functional option that will certainly get plenty of exposure for many winters to come.
This is a precious! it's a little thin  as i prefer a thicker fabric. however  wearing a tank top under it works perfectly. i have it now in both colors! great price on sale!
This top is just as beautiful in person as online. however  it has two issues for me. 1. it is too short. this might work if you have a short torso  but it would forever show my stomach. 2. the fabric has way too much static cling. no matter what i tried  it just clung to my stomach and flared out at the sides. not attractive. in short  if you have a short torso and don't mind battling the static  this truly is a beautiful top.
I stopped into retailer the other day for some "window" shopping and as soon as i saw this cardigan  it was love and i had to try it on. the sleeves run long on me but i'm on the shorter side so it was to be expected. everything else about this cardigan is amazing. i ran errands yesterday and it was the perfect weight for our cooler autumn weather. love this cardigan.
I have quite a few pairs of retailer pants and jeans. my favorites are the cords i got last year  similar to these  so when i saw this fun pair  i had to have them. i ordered both the 32 and the 33 to try on.    they are even more beautiful in person than online. and they are so  so small. it wasn't like they were a tad snug--i couldn't even get the button across to meet the buttonhole. on the 33.    i've never had a problem fitting into retailer pants before. this was an extra-depressing first time
This skirt is gorgeous. i love the dots  the heavy fabric  the slight metallic in the weave. it also has two exposed zippers  one on either side of the waist  which gives it an edgy vibe. a perfect counter balance to the 50s circle skirt cuteness. however  not knowing my size in tracy reese  i ordered my usual retailer size 4. i cannot even zip it. i measured it and the size 4 has a 24 inch waist. there is about an inch of give in the band  but the elastic is so heavy it would not be flattering to
Runs small. arms very short and hits in the wrong place across your chest. would not recommend.
I wore this dress to a couple different summer parties already  and i love it! it looks better belted on my curvy frame. i really like that the straps are adjustable and the versatility of this dress!   perfect lightweight material in this summer heat.   i'm not sure why reviews say its sheer- its not sheer at all! the fabric isn't hugging your body at all and you just need nude colored undergarments.
I just got these leggings yesterday and honestly they're amazing. they look just like the picture  feel great on  don't slip in the waist. zero negatives. i can't wait to wear these bad boys out.
I have this dress on today in white and i am coming back to buy the second color even though pink is not my favorite. great comfy  casual dress that pairs well with a variety of shoes and jewelry to dress it up. highly recommend for summer!
I'm 5'6"  34b/32c  apprx 125#  & lift weights so i have bigger/muscular lats  back  arms. my lower half i wear sz 25 mother  ag  or 7 mankind jeans  but upper is more med (4-6 sz). hips apprx 35"  waist 28". my tops: i don't like things tight. i ordered medium  top fits perfect  but waist/hips i have take in as more like a rigid/stiff  gunny sax cottony type fabric  not super light chiffon as photos appear. the under lining super short in front and top of calf in back  but lining follows the she
I've been wearing this very comfortable and cute coat for 2 weeks. it is already tearing at the seams somehow. the quality of this is very poor.
Couldn't wait for this sweater to arrive. i love oversized sweaters for the fall! unfortunately this sweater is extremely itchy that it has to be returned :(
I love the print on this. love. and the fit  for a swing blouse  was super flattering! typically i haven't found that to be true  but this one is so nice! i loved it so much  but i just couldn't find a ton of outfits to wear with such a unique piece. i have been trying to slim my closet so i did return this  but perhaps would purchase it on sale (to justify wearing it less). i typically wear a 4 in tops and dresses and took an xs.
I really like this shirt. i almost didn't order it based on the other reviews  but its cute and comfortable! i didn't get the white color  so that may be why mine is not see through. i just wear it with a bra and its good to go!
Gorgeous top but runs large  especially in the arm holes.
I opened the package and the dress is two pieces. it is the skirt part with an orange cami top that the sweater goes over. the sweater was too short for me  as i am busty and would not work. i ordered my normal size and the band around the rib cage did not go from side to side so i didn't try it on.
I tried this on at my local store. i love the look and the color of the blue tank and wanted very much to like it. alas  it was not to be. the material is super thin (almost see-through) and it is of poor quality. i did not buy it.
Gorgeous but just too short in length for anyone with a long torso.  i sized up to get more length  but then the neck opening was way too big and hung open to expose - well  everything up top.  wearing a cami would be an option but would take away from the dressiness of the top.  i had to leave without this item  but was disappointed because i love the colors and cut otherwise!
I was so excited to receive this topped then i tried it on. i am a petite and i normally wear an xs so i ordered it in both a size 0 and a size 2. it was huge! it looked like i was wearing a potato sack!!! i really wanted it to work because the fabric is absolutely beautiful! i am so disappointed.
I purchased this in store and the red motif is short sleeved as pictured. the pattern is fun  vibrant and great for summer months. it's a more substantial weight fabric  not sheer or clingy. the fit is tts and it is a slightly longer length which i loved.
Just bought this today in xl and i like it a lot. i am very busty so if i see an xl in most things i will try it on. i probably could have fit into a large though. this will look cute with leggings as it is long enough to cover your butt. i didn't know about the emerald color as it looked in store lights  but it is more blue-green at home. i like it even better. well worth $48!
I read the online reviews and thought this dress would be a winner. it is tight in the chest (i am not busty) and i would have exchanged it for a larger size but i just didn't like the style. the material is beautiful but between the neutral colors and the style  i felt it was too "little house on the prairie". pretty but not the look i was going for.
I ordered this dress in a petite but it arrived in a regular  the rest fit and in the meantime the petites ran out in my size.  the dress is too long but it is so beautiful i will get it shortened.  the fabric is lovely.  i am blonde and the green is so nice with my hair... which is a good thing since the other colour was totally sold out.  try not to miss out on this lovely purchase.....
I ordered this in size xl. the fit is true to size. it fits me as it does on the model. the draping is very flattering. i'm a pear-shape and this shape works well. it definitely needs a tank underneath. you could sew a bit of the top to keep it closed. otherwise  everything can show. i like using different colored tanks to pull out the colors in the pattern.  the quality of the material is outstanding. the print looks so much prettier in person. it's very vibrant. the photos online  at least on
These looked really interesting online and with the multicolor stripes i thought it would pair nicely with many tops.     the fabric is nice and sturdy. the colors are more vibrant than online.     the design however is terrible. when i put them on i double checked to make sure they weren't on backwards- the back is flat as a board but the front has these poofy pockets. the poor fit with the bright stripes gives a "1920s circus diaper" look which is not good.     they're also really tight compar
The fair-isle details are gorgeous and the wool is thick  but not itchy. the neckline is a perfect crew cut style- not too tight  but compliments the neck itself. the stitching has a lot of beautiful neutral colors so you can wear this with jeans  blue or gray cords  etc. so many options!!!
When the top arrived and i tried it on; it was great. the length was perfect even though i am curvy. after one wash (done according to the directions)  the top shrank in length considerably. i do not mind paying a higher price for something unique and something of quality.....i do have a problem with something that does not hold up to basic use. i will be returning this item.
This dress is very flattering on. it fits close to the body but the layers are thick so it doesn't show too much. the material is stretchy and very cozy. i'm 5'4"  130lbs and a 34c and the medium fit perfectly.
I ordered these in both colors. the red is much deeper in person  more like a burgundy than pictured here. these tees are very slouchy. if you wanted a more fitted look  size down. these are very soft and very comfy and will pair well with ponte leggings and skinny jeans. the overall quality seems very good  although they are thinner than i thought they would be (they seemed like they would be thick and stiff to me based on the photos). ---------- overall these are very nice. but there is one is
This is a tts cami that should be a staple in everyone's closet. great for layering.
I saw this top in the box and was excited to try it on. the print is absolutely stunning and gorgeous  i could not wait. when i tried it on  it is such a loose top and a tad short. it was flowy all over. i expected it to be loose from the picture but not like this. it would work best on a very slender figure with white pants or leggings. i don't recommend it for a curvy figure  just not flattering. makes everything look big. what a waste because the print is so nice.
I bought this shirt in white  i have worn it 2 ways so far and love it. i wore it under a pull over and had the tail ends stick out and it was great that way  and i wore it with a long cardigan. i received a lot of compliments on it. i will be buying it in red!!
This top is semi fitted and then stretches as you wear it. i love the design and color choices.
This is a beautiful tunic. i wanted it to work so much but i couldn't get past the itch factor. also  the sleeves were shorter than i expected. when i wore a light tee underneath  it didn't move well and looked bulky so sadly it went back to the store. if the material doesn't bother you  buy this. would look great w/ tights/leggings and boots.
It's a fine dress  but it definitely runs small  and it's actually a lot shorter than i was expecting  especially since i'm only 5' 3"
There is no possible bra to wear with this top. after one washing the neck felt funky. the pink color is very light. it's long enough for leggings. my shirt is a high hemline on one side than the other. i'll wear it but wish the neck wasn't so funky.
This looks cute in the web photo  unfortunately it is absolutely huge in person. i got the small and have to return it because it is not wearable for me.
The dress at first glance is pretty  feminine  and a timeless shape. sadly the quality just isn't there.  i ordered online and was excited trying it on (dress fit true to size for me  all be it a little snug in the chest).  the zipper is super cheap  hard to get up or down on or off the hanger.  the appliquã©s are sewn onto a super flimsy netting  already coming detached without even having worn it.  i could see this dress catching on "everything" and tearing easily.  given the quality i'm return
I bought this t-shirt in pink  blue  red  grey and black over the past year. every one of them except the grey  has gotten little pin holes in the front of the shirt below your waistline. i've returned them all. the fabric is thin and the quality of the t/shirt is terrible.
I  too  saw this jacket on the recent retailer email teaser and instantly i was in love. i put it in my cart and was contemplating buying it but was unsure on size etc since there was only one review. i came back to find it was no longer available and i was devastated. i was at my local mall today and decided to pop in. much to my delight  they had a rack full of this coveted jacket. it's very cute  stylish  not very thick and the quality was ...just ok. there was a slightly worn look  that perhap
I wanted to love this dress. i bought the cranberry color and it really is gorgeous. the cut was wrong for my body type. it is a bit roomier than expected. but i wear a size 36ddd so the seams on the chest hit at a very awkward spot. i'm sure it would look great on someone with a smaller chest
I'd been waiting to snatch up this jumpsuit as it looks so cute online  so when it went on sale i ordered it right away. well i was thoroughly disappointed. i agree with some of the other reviewers  the fit is odd  huge on top and too snug on the bottom. being made of flimsy silk it has no give and didn't hang well on my curvy body  being too loose in some areas and too snug in others. also the top is embroidered while the bottom isn't. the material is thin and and it definitely isn't high enoug
I was looking for a really warm  but stylish coat that i could wear when the weather is frigid as it sometimes gets here in the dc area. i tried on a size small  which is my usual coat size. while the coat fit  it was not flattering. for reference i am 5'9" 128 pounds and usually wear a small/xsmall in retailer tops. in this coat i looked like a linebacker with pads on. the front material is doubled  which makes you look like you have a large protruding stomach. the shoulders are bulky and
Unfortunately this piece has a very boxy cut and the white layer is stiff and billows out - i am tall and thin but this made me look pregnant - very unflattering. i considered trying a smaller size  but i did not like the material too much either so i just returned it.
I'm curvy  have very muscular thighs and am just under 5'5". i was not very optimistic when the sales associate told me i would love these jeans. she was right  they're amazing. they are incredibly flattering  just the right length for me (even tho cropped) as i can wear them as full-length or just add one or two rolls and it's a crop. the fabric is amazingly soft and they immediately felt like a favorite  old pair of jeans. the pockets are well placed so they do wonders for the bootie. oh  and
I noticed this outfit earlier this year and remarked to my husband how heavenly it was. i couldn't bring myself to buy it since i shy away from strapless outfits (this lady is a small chested diva). to my delight- my wonderful husband remembered my gushing  and surprised me with this outfit for christmas! imagine a 33-year-old dancing around the house holding up this outfit - because that is what happened. this outfit it truly a work of art. it has a lined bodice with soft boning that fits perfe
Very pleased with this vibrant and colorful sweater dress. the color combinations are very beautiful and it seems as if the threads used have an inherent shimmer. the fit is body skimming without highlighting trouble spots. i am a m/l on top and a s/m on bottom and the size medium fits perfectly. the cut adds the illusion of proportion to my disproportionate body. there are some problems but workable: slip is sewn-in which i wish was detachable; the scoop neck is too low for my 36ddd bust; weave
I recently ordered this and am so glad i did. i absolutely love it! my hips and butt are not tiny  so i was very nervous that this would be a giant pouf on my lower half  but it lays perfectly flat and has a very gentle a-line  contrary to other comments. i am 5'4" and 130' but the xs fits perfectly and keeps me looking trim. the waist sits just barely below my natural waist. very happy with this purchase; would buy more if there were additional colors - who doesn't love an elastic-waisted skirt
1.) if you look at the 4th photo of the grey shirt and zoom in you can get an accurate view of the back: this shirt is attached in not one  but two places in the back (in the photos of the black shirt it looks like it is only attached  or "knotted" in one place  and that is not the case). disappointing.   ----------  2.) unless you want to wear this as an off-the-shoulder shirt with a strapless bra size down. caveat: sizing down will become problematic though for those with large arms as the sle
Looks so beautiful.... on a hanger. does not really do anything on a person. beautiful beading but the dress on is very sack-like. i will be returning it
This top is beautiful  however it runs beyond big!  i ordered my usual size and i could have fit 2 of me in this top.  i am reordering and going 2 sizes down!  the tie back and embroidery is beautiful.
I purchased this  and it ended up sitting in my closet for a couple of weeks. i bought it in the green  and i felt it did nothing to enhance my figure. it's kind of a boring design. i like the cowl neck (rare on a tunic) and the sleeve details. the colors don't seem to go well with standard black leggings. overall  unimpressed.
I should have paid more attention to the reviews of this sweater before ordering. although the material looks soft and cozy in the photo  it's very scratchy and uncomfortable. i was also hoping the opening of the collar would be a little wider  which would have been more flattering on me. i never wear turtlenecks of any kind so i took a chance on this. i'm sure others will look fabulous in this sweater and may be happy with it if they don't mind the texture. i'm sending it back.
I wanted to love this shirt. it's not my usual style buy it looked so great online. unfortunately the actual shirt is much more brown in color and design than i thought looking online. i'm fair coloring & it just wasn't flattering. i'm thin but have a larger chest and this style just wasn't right for me. could definitely be cute on someone else but not a good match for me.
I really wanted this swimsuit to work and it looks really nice in person and good quality as well  but sadly the top is cut really strangely. in the photo shown of the model  it looks like a v-neck that kinda gives your boobs a little push to the middle for some slight cleavage. however  that's not how it fit for me. the cups have removable padding on this suit  and when left in  my boobs didn't even fit in the thing and it just looked really awkward in general. and with the padding taken out  m
I didn't realize it had a tie around the waist. it seems too much material hanging in the front to tie at the waist. unfortunately the sash is attached and cannot be removed. it's very cute; just not for me.  i will have to return (but sure i can find something else)!
Love this piece. it is warm and attractive and will set any outfit off from a dress to jeans and a t-shirt. i look forward to wearing it often.
This is a really adorable top!normally i shop online  but ended up in a store today. i bought it instantly  but never would have purchased this based upon the pictures. as all the other reviewers have said  this does run small and you need to size up  especially if you are busty for your size. i am a 4 or a small  (34c) in just about everything  but had to go to a medium. the sleeves attach too far out on the front of the top  restricting arm movement. thankfully  i didn't see a significant size
I saw this online yesterday and i was in the store today to try it on. i assumed it would look average or below average on me and i could just walk away no problem. by no means am i in the financial bracket to be spending this much money on a jumpsuit  yet here i am at home wearing it as i write this review. it is surprisingly flattering. i am 5 feet tall and have a petite frame so wide leg pants never work on me  but this somehow did without making me look bulky. given my height  it comes to ab
Cute swing tee! fit for me is perfect. i am 5'5" and 140 lbs and i bought my usual small. length is nice. fits me just at my hips. i can wear to work and on the weekends. a little concerned  the fabric may pill so i'm taking extra care. receive compliments every time i wear either color. love.
I am inspired to sit in front of a roaring fire  sipping tea  with the dogs at my feet  in this sweater. or roaming the moors. the cashmere is thick  luxurious  and soft. there is a cable detail that runs along the large wooden buttons and also the pockets  (decent sized pockets to stash a hanky  while roaming the moors). the fit is on the large size and boxy. if i had to nit pick  i would say that the length could be a tad longer. the sweater does not have complete derriã¨re coverage. i am 5?5?
I just got this dress in the mail and tried it on. i loved it the fit was perfect tts  and it is very soft and comfortable. however  it appears that the black striped area has bled onto the off white portion and there are stripes of gray across the chest and blotches on the sides of the dress. i am sending it back and ordering another and hoping for the best. i am very concerned that when it is cleaned it will bleed again. i love the dress so much i am willing to risk it  but i am doubtful. so b
This is a great t-shirt; i love it. it fits great  isn't too bulky and has a great length to go with anything. i love it.
Beautiful 100% lambswool sweater with all these gorgeous fall colors arranged into an eye catching design. i agree with reviewer numero uno  she is correct on all counts: pretty colors  quality construction  ultra long bell sleeves (look at model wearing cedar/neutral colorway)  oversized fit. sizing down will still have those ridiculously long sleeves but i'm fine with that. i ordered size m and will exchange for a s as the cardigan is too large overall. wool is soft and just a bit itchy which
This was all wrong on me. the puffy sleeves made me look a foot wider. i'm thinking this will look good on tall slim ladies. it is extremely comfortable and the material is very pretty though. tts
I saw this dress in the catalog and had to have it. when i went to the store it was sold out so i had them order and ship it to me in two sizes - my regular and one size larger. when i got them  i tried on my regular size first and it was just perfect! beautiful pattern and material. light and airy. sexy with the low-cut "keyhole." i am sooo happy with my purchase.
Purchased this item on sale-received it and it had two huge holes on the side.not possible to repair. very disappointed in lack of quality control. :(
This sweater is so lovely.. i like the fact that it's not super heavy  so you can be comfortable with a layer under it. the embroidery is beautiful. i usually get petite sizes when available  but the petite m was sold out when i purchased. i went with regular medium and am actually glad. it's not overwhelming or too long (i'm 5'2").. in my opinion. if you're on the fence  go for it. totally worth it..
I really  really wanted to take this home with me but decided against it. from the front this dress looks amazing when it was belted and i love the colors in it. however  it bunched like crazy in the back. i tried it without the belting and it just hung like a sack and was completely unflattering. if there were some way to get rid of the bunching in the back then i would have taken it home. but with the cost of the dress  i can't justify taking it to a tailor so it stayed. sigh. so close.
Love the shirt. exteemely comfortable  simple and nice.
Does not look like the picture. lined with a cheap denim fabric inside that shows when arms are rolled up. i normally always fit in mediums and this jacket is so small in the arms as well as body that it fit like a xs.
T la is such a great brand for t shirts! this one is so soft and comfy and the yellow color is a great neutral yellow.
Love the style of this vest  and an added bonus is how soft it is. every vest is different  though  so if you're shopping in the store  be sure to look at all of them.
I love the details that this cardigan has. try it!
Relaxed fit  soft and comfortable. interesting design but material is extremely thin. if i had purchased this at full price  i probably would have returned it. it seems more like a pajama top...
I know we've gotten to the point that polyester can be acceptable  but sometimes it's still that horrible texture  unbreathable mess. unfortunately  that's what this top is made out of. so it runs big  its billowy  and cute  but i couldn't get it off quick enough because of the feel of the fabric.
I ordered a size small. i am 5'7" size 6 and the dress was a mini on me! way shorter than on the taller model. the stomach and hips gaped out from my body yet the waist was cut way too high  so the dress was both too small and too big! very odd fit. the material is soft  thick  stretchy and has a textured pattern which i liked. this one is going back.
I love this shirt! it is so different from most things i get but such a fun change. the colors are bright and fun! you totally do not have to be western to enjoy this shirt and it's fun for a good country dancing/party/concert too. my roommate has already asked to borrow it (as in she's wearing it at a concert as i type this!). it is incredibly comfortable! i got the xs and was kind of surprised it still felt a little big. but i kept the size to wear it half tucked or even kind of oversized. i w
I love this shirt! it's a nice simple long-sleeved tee with some nice details. i especially love the seaming on the front & back-- very flattering!
Love the design of the t-shirt but the quality is poor in my opinion. i got the white t-shirt and the material is so fragile i can see it tearing or being prone to rips after only a few wears. for the price i thought the quality is not up to par. the white t-shirt is see through but with a nude camisole underneath it is fine.
It's beautiful  lovely quality  gorgeous bird. but the fit just doesn't work for me. i'm usually a medium  which is what i got  it's just too tight in the chest. for ref 36d. as is it already flares out some in the bottom so i'm not gonna bother w a larger size unfortunately
I had been hearing about this dress for months and was so excited to see they brought it back in more colors. the reviews i read claimed it runs small in the chest area. i'm a true pear shape (23b  i normally wear - size 2  xs  on top and size 4-6 on the bottom  but with dresses i almost always get size 2) because of the swing a nature of the dress i decided to size down with this one. i was nervous how tight it would be up top but i also didn't want it to look like inwas wearing a sack! so i to
I was really happy when i saw this romper online and ordered it right away. unfortunately being larger chested i thought i would size up to a medium. bad choice. now i have a beautiful romper that is too big for me. i will be getting this one tailored.
I tried this dress on in the store today  and the armholes were so wide  it showed my bra under the arm almost to the bottom  and it showed part of the side cup of my bra at the front. while the dress seems like it will be really comfy  the arm cuts are so unnatural  i had to pass. i did try going down in size  and petite  and neither of those options worked to fix the situation.
I ordered this in both the white and navy colors - navy being what looks like an ivory background with navy spots. when i received the blouse  the background on the navy is actually a light grey/beige color that makes the whole top look kind of dingy. when ordering the navy version  be aware that the product images don't show the true background color on the top!
I definitely recommend this shirt. it's lights and airy  something you can wear everyday.
I went a size down on this top. it was to billowy in my regular size. it has the elastic waist but it was bunching up too much in that area. i love the embroidery. . it is gorgeous. . will have to hand wash for sure.
Much softer fabric than i expected. wrinkles easily.
Coat is very soft and comfortable. runs large; usually wear an xsp  could have gone with an xxsp  if it came in that size. the lining is very soft. can wear a sweater or something heavier underneath  if needed. some small  little pulls on outside fabric  but  might be part of the fabric. outside fabric is very soft. would not have paid full price; glad it was on sale  as i had been eyeing it for some time. it is cute  and felt like twirling  when put it on!
Wanted to love this colorful romper. the fabric was suuuuper thin and very cheap feeling and looking. no way would i wear this.
Unexpected delight! great top that can be dressed up or down. the only con is a little small through the bust.
I absolutely adore this skirt! sadly it was a lot of skirt for me- i'm 5 feet nothing and it would have been too much fabric to hem. wish this skirt came in a petite size. great color and a fun option for the fall wedding season!
This top looks better on than on the hanger. i've been looking for a feminine plaid top and this is the one! it's a flirty and innocent look in one. i would say size up. it runs a little tight around the upper arm  shoulders area when stretching arms out. i normally wear a size 2-4 depending on the top and the 6 felt better.
As previously mentioned  this dress runs very large. i ordered accordingly  and the small was the right size for my frame  but it was just not flattering. i'm pear shaped  and i found the shoulders to be large  the neck a bit too high  and the overall cut to hug my figure in a very unflattering way. i'm 5'4"  140-ish  and maybe if i were a few pounds lighter and a few inches taller  it could've worked. i so wanted to love this  because it's soft and comfortable and cute  but back it goes.
Gorgeous sleeves  flattering neckline...and a voluminous torso. i loved the fit of the top portion so much  i decided to buy it  knowing it would require alteration. the seamstress removed a *significant* amount of bulk and added vintage buttons to clasp the inverted pleat. i find many of these "easy breezy" tops create a shapeless look. extra volume in both the front and back creates a needlessly rotund profile. despite excellent posture  i looked both hunched and pregnant in the unaltered silh
I love these pants! they are very flattering. they do however run long so even though i'm 5'5'' the regulars were crazy long on me and the petite fit me perfectly. i was worried they would stretch out a lot but i've worn them twice and they haven't.
I am so sad i have to return these leggings. they're adorable--so much so that my fiancã© commented favorably on them--but as other reviewers have pointed out  there's no elastic or string in the waistband so you have to walk around holding them up with one hand or they'll fall down! why  sleeping on snow? whyyyyyyyyyyy? they're so great otherwise!
This is a very comfy dress/tunic. i like to wear it with leggings. washed well  nice color  looks nice with boots. nice find!
I love this top! it's perfect for casual outings like a picnic or a movie in summer. it's material is thick enough to feel sturdy but still is very lightweight for summer. it's a little baggy in the front so if that bothers you then i'd size down one size from your normal. i bought my usual size of xs and it seems to fit perfectly. i'm tempted to buy this in more colors.
This is a very stylish cardigan but it runs small. i usually take a small but i took a medium in this. for reference i am 130 lbs  chest 36c. i fell so in love with it once i put it on but you have to watch for snags as it is extremely delicate. got the 20% off today and couldn't be happier with this purchase.
About a month ago i purchased the pilcro hypen chinos in moss size 28 petite. i loved the color and fit so much that when i saw free shipping being offered i decided to get another pair. this time i ordered the color ?pink? and of course size 28 petite. well the color really isn?t pink and unlike the moss color it does not look the color online. the color is more like salmon or apricot definitely not pink. what bothered me more is the fit. this pair was too big. it?s mind-boggling why the sizing
I purchased the mustard colored item and it is very good for spring. nice fit  nice quality
I purchased this dress for my 31st birthday and i am so glad that i did! i saw it in my local retailer store and immediately had to try it on! it is very flattering because i am 5'0  usually a size 8 or 10 in dresses and it fit perfect! the material is light  definitely suggest delicate cycle and hang-drying  but it is nice because you can layer this dress with a vest or coat! highly recommend this dress!
As another reviewer mentioned the quality isn't here.  they pilled in the thighs after wearing once and stretched out so much at the end of the day i was pulling them up constantly.  such a bummer because i love this brand.
This top was really cute on someone else  but not on me... on me  ti was too big and the color washed me out. the fabric is nice and the pattern and colors are nice too  just not on porcelain skin... like many tops this season  it is a bit boxy  but looks nice with jeans  white shorts or half-tucked into a skirt. i would probably size down a bot...
Although i love retailer  this product isn't the quality or presentation i expect from them. the dress arrived stuffed into a small plastic bag and was a crumpled mess. the fabric wasn't soft and fluid as i expected  but rather was stiff and a little scratchy. i purchased the ecru version  which was also slightly darker than the photo showed. i returned the dress and will keep looking.
I did not intend on buying this dress  as i had taken two others that i had seen on-line into the dressing room. i actually saw the black version of this dress first  and was a bit disappointed that it wasn't available in my size. so  i thought i would try this on just for size. i was totally shocked as to how cute it looked on! i had taken both the xs and the s into the dressing room. the xs was very tight fitting in the arms and chest. i am very small busted  and normally wear a xs in tops and
This is a problem i have had with the pilcro hyphen cargos with the color dye.  the dyes in these pants are the same thing. i wore the purple color and washed in cold  gentle  cycle and they were stained/     i will return these -it's too bad because they were pretty comfortable and flattering pants.
I'm 5"0" and weigh 105 lbs. i purchased the xxs and it was super-wide  and big all over. it looked like a pregnancy top and did not lay as nicely as shown on the model. also  not shown on the model is the front is short and the back is very long. this would work better on a taller person. i just find it odd that a xxs is still too big. the quality of the fabric and the print is good and the lace-up in the back is cute.
I bought this dress for my mom! she usually does not even try dresses on because she feels that they highlight her "problem areas"  but she is going on a vacation soon and i thought she could should bring something different for her trip. thankfully  the embroidered waters shirtdress completely surprised her! the fabric is soft and light  the blue is vibrant and perfect for spring/summer  and the cutwork detailing is flirty without being too risky or revealing. she's really excited about this--a
Love this dress and so does my boyfriend. took my usual size 2 and it's a little snug but the 4 would have been too big.
Beautiful  timeless dress. runs small  straight fit. can't wait to wear it to work or a function 
Loved the sweater and the sale price was great  but i could not take the shedding! even after just trying it on the first time  my jeans and top had shedding all over them. this was 2 minutes  i could not imagine what i would look like if i wore it all day. had to return.
Purchased this shirt for holiday photos and it worked great. very flattering and a fun take on plaid. more feminine than your classic plaid button down.
I'm an xl in retailer tops  and the xl fit as expected in this blouse. however  the elastic cinched in such a way under my bust that it did not look flattering. the cut in the sleeves hang open too much for me and makes it more of a costume. i also had issues that the chiffon type sleeves did not match the color of the knit fabric used in the rest of the blouse. the blouse is a good quality  but there were too many other issues for me to keep it.
I ordered this on a whim and didn't expect to like it as much as i do. it is very flattering on and seems like you could dress it up or wear it more casual. the back is all lace  in the photo she must be wearing a cami because it is see through in person. some people may be able to pull off a black bra but i am wearing a cami  which also helps with the low cut in the front. it has sort of a flirty a line shape to it  my top is a bit shorter on me than the model photo. the top is also well made 
Despite other reviewers comments on size - i really wanted this one to work so i ordered it. i'm typically a size xs and d chest and instead i ordered a small. the body of the sit for well but the cups of the suit i'd said for more for a b. (if i lifted my arms i would literally come out of it)
This top was a big disappointment. i ordered two of the grey motif with the print of the forest animals in size 16. neither of them fit well  but one was cut much smaller than the other. i've had this problem with all of the numerically-sized buttondown style of maeve tops. i don't understand why in size 14 & 16  this keeps happening. that's why i purchase two of each. usually one fits and the other doesn't. this time  unfortunately  neither worked. they both were too tight in the arms/shoulders
This dress looks simple  but man is it unexpectedly sexy. and oh so comfortable! the deep v neckline and side slits elevate this from a simple tshirt dress to something else. add just the right accessories and this dress transforms. i have the xs and its just roomy enough without being clingy. and did i say how comfortable it is? the fabric is perfectly lightweight without being flimsy and color is a cool  saturated denim color. i receive compliments every time i wear it. love love love.
Tried these on out of sheer curiosity -- i've got a long torso & was pleasantly surprised how flattering they are! they manage to look flowing & sleek without shortening the legs. took a size 6 with my 27" waist  37" hips. it's a bit of a generous fit  especially around the waist  but they're extremely comfortable & have room to tuck tops into. i have the cowled sweater tank in gray & it looks fantastic over these! couldn't resist getting both the rust and black. perfect for a dressy casual look
I took the advise of a reviewer and sized down to xs. i am 5'6 and 110. i could take them off without unbuttoning them  they were hugh  even the xs! they looked like a halloween costume. even at the discounted sale price  awful and kind of made me laugh. but i guess that's why they are still available at this sale price.
For a couple weeks  i debated making this purchase. in fear that my size would no longer be available  i ordered this lovely top. when it arrived  i was immediately disappointed with its colors...unlike the vibrant colors in the photo  the top's colors were dull...more a brown than orange and gray rather than lavender. had the fit been better  i would have kept this item despite of its color. it's cut weird! though it runs slightly large  i felt the top was ill fitted through the upper bust and
I so wanted to love this sweatshirt. it is very soft and seems like excellent quality and material. the pattern is pretty  and i envisioned spending hours cuddled up reading in it. unfortunately  the body of the sweatshirt (particularly the front torso area) was too big  and it popped out around me like a balloon. the arms fit well  so i don't think that i could have gone down a size. i was also not keen on the way the neck hung  which was either very stiff and tall around my neck when unfolded
Lots of pairs of the pilcro serif-- and for some reason  after 5mo or less of normal wear  these have bit the dust.   i don't dry my denim and do wash on gentle cycles... this pair just doesn't seem to be too happy. began pilling after two washes  just seems to be a different blend of fabric than the others?     super bummed and now there's no way to replace it. wamp wamp.
This is so pretty for summer. it is very lightweight and flattering on. the color was a little brighter than i expected  but it is still beautiful!
I'm glad the previous reviews had mentioned the dolman sleeves so i was better prepared for how it would fit. you do have to do some rearranging of the fabric  but it generally stays put and isn't bothersome. the neckline is a bit more structured than shown in the pictures  but it only adds to a more sophisticated look. great fabric and color as well.
I am typically a small/6 in dresses  but i should have gone with the other reviewers and sized down. it had no shape  but hung like a paper sack. the armholes fit perfectly though  if i had sized down they may have been too tight. i am 5'6" 140 lb  i will return  too bad because it is a pretty dress!
I got tons of compliments when i wore this top out a couple weeks ago. it is a little bit shorter than i thought  and a little bit loose (not "baggy" but just kind of hangs). if you have a larger chest  this may not be super-flattering. the color is really pretty and looked great with dark skinnies. i bought my normal size (after trying on a size down  which was just too short...and i'm 5'2)
I wanted to love this top  but it unfortunately did not work for me. the material has a nice weight and feel to it  and while i love the pattern  the shape leaves something to be desired. the cap sleeves were a little tight on my arms  and the cut of the sleeves made my arms look big. the body of this shirt reminded me of a loose maternity top. for reference  i am 5'10" 140 lbs and typically a size 6. i wear a small in retailer clothes  and got a small in this top. i think an xs would have been to
Love the fabric  print  and cut! it's a smidge low in the neckline  but that's probably because i'm busty. nice and breezy for our blazing hot and humid florida summers.
The sweater was nice but not as long as on the model. it was itchy also. this sweater was not what i had expected. their was nothing exceptional about it to spend that kind of hard earned cash  sorry retailer. i sent it back .
The suit is lovely  but it is very long in the torso and gaps at the leg. i was told that it runs small and to size up to a 10. i did  but i do not think the smaller one would have done better. the bust is fake and it turns out when untied. worst of all it emphasizes the tummy. all in all not a good look for me. i am not heavy but i do need tummy support. normally i wear an 8 and in garnet hill a 6. sorry but it went back. i really wanted to like it.
In the fall  i purchased every single color of the left of center swing top. long sleeve  great colors and very easy to wear. when i saw these  i swooned. these are very similar knit to the left of center  but the swing is bigger and the linen insets on the side make this easy top even more beautiful! these run true to size...basically you are only fitting your arms and chest. this top will definitely has a little give with wear  which will just add to the shape and effortlessness. the linen ins
Cute design. runs big in neckline  falls off shoulder exposing bra straps. fabric is very thin. sloppy look on short petite frame. 5'1" 142lbs 34-36 c/d. purchased a medium. haven't washed it yet  but the fabric doesn't look like it will hold up well. i have kept it to wear as a sleep shirt with thin gray sleep sweats.
This t- shirt is adorable. i saw this in the catalog and ordered it immediately- despite the $50 price tag. cute with jeans  khakis  shorts  under a denim jacket  the options are endless. print is very cute but the sizing and quality left something to be desired. the material is extremely thin- it will be a matter of time before holes develop... no matter how careful you are. i ordered a large to be roomy and it was way too big.
I wanted to love this dress. the colors are heavenly and it looks light and airy. it isn't  it is very heavy  much too heavy for florida heat. the top layer is a beautiful sand color and while the fabric is nice  the heaviness of the top really weighs the whole dress down. i felt like it added ten pounds to my appearance  easily. back it went  boo hoo. if you are between sizes  i would size down  runs a bit big.
I loved the jumpsuit but unfortunately had to return it due to running a little on the small size.
This shirt looks nice on the model  but it felt stiff and unflattering on me. i am 5'5"  135lbs  34c  and the size 4 fit overall. i just didn't happen to like it on me.
I agree with the other reviewer that the belted part definitely gives some great definition for those with a defined waist and that it's a much lovelier color in person  but that's about it for me. thoughts below:  _____________  pros:  - tts. i ordered the medium for my 36c  5'9" frame and found it sufficient.  - the color is much nicer in person  as the other reviewer mentioned. it's a richer brown. think "mocha latte" in terms of color.  - the belt really helps tie it all together and keep it
I ordered this top online and was hoping to love it  however it didn't fit me properly...the arm holes were much too large (i'm typically an xs or small) i ordered the small and based on this fit i don't think the extra small would've fit either :( also i thought the material seemed very delicate and somewhat thin....and with 3 kids always hanging on me i don't think this top would last very long...
Nice dress to wear while seasons are transitioning
Everything about this dress is perfect for my body type.  i used the tie belt as a cinch to gather the fabric and made the silhouette into a loose fit & flare.  i have a large upper body and small lower half so maybe the excess fabric balances out my body but looks terrible on other shapes.  i am 36dd 140# 5'3" and i purchased the medium petite.
I so wanted to love this tank  and was so excited to get it in the mail! i got a size small (my usual) and it ran so large i wasn't even sure an xs would've fit properly. the material looked lighter and blouse-y on the model  but in person is much thicker and sort of "hangs". underarms run large and are gaping from the body. i am sad to return this top because i love the color and idea of it  but it just can't work on me!
This top is so much prettier in real life than it is on the model. the pattern and texture are both lovely  and the peplum is surprisingly flattering. it is definitely on the short side  but i think that gives it a modern look. the fabric does not stretch at all  but i still think it fits tts. if you have a very large chest you may want to go up a size  but otherwise i would order your normal size.
When you order online  you can't always be sure of the quality or sizing you will get. like the other reviewers  i found this piece to be beautiful and well made. it's made from rayon and not sheer. the coral  cream  green  and light gray flowers really pop against the black fabric. this piece is meant to be swingy and loose. however  i started with a large but exchanged for a medium. it still feels a little loose so if you're undecided about sizes  order down.
Pants fit great. true to size. did not stretch like some of the retailer pants that you need to buy in a smaller size. love that the calf is bigger than most of their pants which are usually too narrow for my bigger calves. very comfy look great with a white shirt and tie die is subtle. they will be a staple summer pair of pants.
It's a beautiful lace designed tank top in a vibrant navy blue; however  the lace on the hemlines were snagged.  the top was much shorter than i had anticipated.  i'm returning it to the store  unfortunately.
I purchased the blue one - it's a very brilliant royal blue. nice color. the patterned portion is quite heavy  which provides a nice drape. hangs really well without being clingy or too loose. great top for jeans.
I love this vest and could not leave without it. the color and lining just make it perfect  so stylish and comfy! i'm always a 8/10 and a m in this was perfect. the color is so beautiful and its so easy to dress up and down. i am big on the bottom  the tie in the back adds a nice shape to your whole profile and makes it a less boxy vest! love love...
I just got these and had to return them as they were not becoming on my physique. for reference  i'm  5' 5"; 122 lbs; 26" waist; 38"hips and i have a long torso and short legs. i ordered a 29 petite. the fit  was tight  but they are supposed to fit tight. if i wasn't so "hippy" i would have kept them. the model is  slender with long legs and she looks fantastic in them. not me. i do recommend these as they are cute  but perhaps geared for a more slender body type.
I agree with the other reviewers; this sweater was strangly shaped in the waist  in an unflattering way. the rest of it was beautiful though. looks too much like maternity  even in a petite xs  so it's going back.
I love everything about this except the length. i am short and usually order a petite and even this is really cropped on me. the quality is good  thick and substantial  color is great but very cropped and sleeves are long on me as well. just weird proportions so sadly  going back.
Looks great on the model  but in actuality there is way too much fabric; what should be flowy and billowy looks like a tent (or a maternity top on a petite woman). it didn't matter which size  they all fit me disastrously. i love the look and i thought of keeping it and having it taken in  but there's too much fabric under the chest to make it an easy cut/alteration on the side seams. sometimes i wonder who comes up with these patterns  and if they pin the shirts back on the models. if you put a
I haven't worn a pair of levis in ages  and had forgotten how great they are. i have recently lost weight and i have to say they are very flattering. i wasn't sure at first how i would ilike the frayed hems  but they are growing on me.
This is a beautiful blouse but needs to be returned for size. i have lost a bit of weight; the last couple of blouses i have gotten in a m (including this one) have been to large for me. i am 5'5" tall  138 lbs and in this blouse need a s. the fabric is satiny and substantial with a gorgeous lining edged in contrasting thread.  it hits at the top of my thigh in a regular size 8 but i should have ordered a 6. i would say to size down if you are close to being between sizes. the colors are as show
Comfortable and flattering for all body types...good for both day and evening...
Three tops for the price of one.....i fell in love with this top the moment i saw it online. i tried it on as soon as i received it with jeans and it looked just how i hoped it would. not too short  just right. then i tried it on with the buttons in front and just loved how it looked. this can be worn 3 ways......back buttoned  front buttoned and as an unbuttoned throw on over a tank and shorts. recommend this highly for just about any body type..
This top is very flattering on my torso (my "problem area"). the sleeves are adorable and i love the navy with purple tints and the touches of gray. i would say this product could work on most body types. it's very comfortable and i could wear it for a long time. i would suggest considering a smaller size than one's normal size  but i would look into both sizes and see which one you prefer. i ended up getting my regular size because i just liked the way it looked better.
I love this shirt. the colors are just as depicted. the material is gorgeous and the top is very flattering. fits true to size for retailer small (i'm normally a medium outside of this store).
I bought this dress in a regular xs. i am 5'3" and 108 pounds. i have a long torso so the regular would fit better than the petite. although the overall fit of the dress was good  the straps could have had about an inch taken out and the pockets gaped open! in the photo  the mode's arms are laying over where the pockets would be  which fall on the seam and when i tried this on  the dress fit beautifully but the pockets gape open on the sides and it looks like little wings from the front. the dre
This is a beautiful dress! blend of materials give it a great feel  the cut and style are very flattering. colors allow it to be carried over multiple seasons either on its own or layered for colder weather! very happy with this investment!
There comes a point where i have to draw the line with things i purchase... i ordered this as i didn't have a black skirt  but thought ti wasn't special enough  don't get me wrong  it fits nicely  and is comfortable  but i was wowed. 0p or xs p fir perfectly  26.5 in waist and 115 lbs. if you want ta nice casual skirt  the sale price is a good fir for the skirt  just wasn't enough for me :-)
Bought this cami/tank on sale which i'm glad but it has a flap underneath like a bralette but not fitted..it kinda just drapes under the cami...the problem is it's not thick enough to offer the coverage you would want under a white tank ...but it was also too short so it caused a visible line underneath that showed through.that was higher than the bottom of my chest ..so it gave the appearance that i wore the wrong bra/undergarment...it simply looks awkward ...not sure if it would've been better
I initially bought this in the brown in a small but ended up exchanging it for an xs in ivory. as other reviewers have said  it's not the softest sweater you'll try on. if you want it to lightly hug your body like the way it is on the model  you may need to size down. while i love the style  it feels like the type of material that will get stretched out easily so i've been careful getting it on and off. i picked this up during retailer days and got it on sale. the quality is of the yarn is just of
I really liked this top-- the red gingham is adorable  and it looked great tucked into the pencil skirt i was also trying on. sadly  it had two things going against it:  - when i didn't tuck it in  it looked like i was hiding an early pregnancy (it just hangs from the chest  and my bust is relatively large-- 34dd)  - the material is awfully thin  and i don't know how it would hold up (that's a concern when you're spending $90 on a "casual" top)  i would certainly consider purchasing this on sale
Thank you  retailer  for creating this sweetly vintage and feminine sweatercoat. the boiled wool is lovely and the embroidery makes me lightheaded just looking at it. this is definitely a nod to retailer's past  and i love it to bits!   i usually wear a size s or xs  but bought this in the xs. the fit is flattering as can be. i was so happy to find a fitted and timeless piece in the sea of boxy and trendy sweaters.  (it's true that this sweater isn't lined  but to my mind  it would be a crime
I was so excited to buy this coat  since i missed out on buying the last one. i snagged it quickly before heading out on a trip because this is the perfect plane jacket (i've borrowed my friends). i immediately noticed that the fabric was lighter and softer than the original  and after a few days noticed a lot of pilling on the coat  and a snag on the seam of the shoulder where the arm connects to the body. it's disappointing considering the price you pay. i would return if it still had tags on.
This dress is adorable. the color is on the red orange side and is nice for the summer. the cotton is also nice and light. however  the bust is cut short and the skirt is unforgiving to girls with hips. if you have b/c cup or less and do not have an hour glass figure then this dress may be for you.
On a positive note the dress was very well made  great quality as usual from retailer. however. this dress looked like a sack  i believe it may have been the combination of the drab color and the sack like shape. very plain and unflattering. for reference i am 5 5 140lbs 34c ...so i do have a shape it just did nothing for me. it had to go back.
These pants are amazing! i usually have a hard time finding ones to fit me due to my small size (5'1" 100 lbs) but the 0 fit me perfectly. they are not too tight  just slim enough without clinging to you like a second skin. love the length   hits just above the ankle bone. versatile and comfortable. however  if i were any heavier  i cannot say these pants would work. i am fairly thin  in most cases i would size up.
I purchased this dress online and it just didn't fit my body very well. it also arrived with a pretty sizeable hole so i can't say that i'm impressed with the quality. there were other areas too where was a loose thread which i'm sure will develop into another hole eventually. returned.
Love this blouse. i usually wear a small and had to exchange it for an xs  which fits perfectly. not form fitting but flattering; washes beautifully  too. i highly recommend this blouse.
Love the wine colored cords-- but i tried them and i was disappointed because my normal size was too small. i usually have to size down in pilcro pants but not these. (i'm an 8  and the 30 wasn't going to button!) i love the slight cropped flare! and the color! did i mention the color? but vanity wouldn't allow me to buy them. hopefully i just got a mislabeled pair!
I love this t-shirt  i feel classy  stylish and comfortable wearing it. as other reviewers have noted  it is bellowy in the peplum  but that is the design and i love it. it looks great with skinny jeans and can be dressed up or casual. another terrific purchase from retailer!
Very very boxy design/cut. try on first or buy knowing you are 90% likely to return. beautiful skirt but if you don't have the right body type/measurements  will not flatter you at all.
I bought this tunic to wear as a swim cover-up  last minute. but it has become my go to for wearing over skinny jeans. the length makes it so versatile  great layering piece.
I so badly wanted this dress to work for me. the material and color is so beautiful. this had a 'sack like' fit and the side pockets accentuated my hips giving me a broader look than i would like.
I have this top in 3 colors and am waiting for the black to arrive. very soft on the body. we live in fl so lightweight is appreciated. stylish fit that is not ordinary. great colors. will pack well and can be dressed up with a scarf. sleeves run long.
Love the top  but very small to the size. ordered a medium and had to send back in exchange for x-large.
I had really high hopes for this dress  and i am still unsure if i'll keep it or not. i ordered both a small and a medium because i was unsure of this brand. the small fit (i"m usually a 4 s/m at retailer - 34b  140 lb  5'8") just like it does on the model  only the photo online gives the illusion that this is a slight fit-and-flare dress. this is a shift with pleating subtleties on the bustline that bring it in slightly. also  the colors should be more like "blue multi" because there's a bright a
I ordered this with another sweater to compare the two  hoping that one would be what i was looking for. the stitching on this sweater is beautiful so i honestly expected to keep this one. i was looking for a cardigan that was on the longer side as i wear leggings often. this cardigan was not as long as it seems in the picture (hit at my hips  5'10" tall). the material seems stiff and a bit rough. the sizing is a bit boxy because it is wide/big cardigan but also short. the stitching was just as
Soft and romantic. i love it! just like pictured and i wear a cami under. dress up or down
This dress is incredibly soft  comfortable  and essentially lined (i mean  look at all that intricate embroidery... your skin has no idea it is there). the colors are lovely (the embroidery is sort of a soft peachy cream lined with gold) and the dress is even prettier in person. the neckline is low  but not too revealing  and  though i normally avoid shirts without sleeves  the cut is flattering around my arms. the cut of the hem is also flattering. in some ways  the belt seems like an extra pie
I love the colors. originally purchased a large for my broad shoulders and it was too big and too long for 5'4". exchanged it for a petit medium and it fits great. will have to wait for cooler days to wear it since it is a heavy cotton and the weather is still very hot intexas.
I got lots of compliments on this dress as expected. the arm holes are a little large  meaning low. but other than that i love it.
I wanted to like this top so so so so badly. so badly in fact  that after the first size didn't fit  i ordered two other sizes to make sure: xl  l  m. none of them worked i really wanted to like this top. the online photo makes the clothing look so flattering and the shirt is just not....at least on me. the shirt online on the model looks slimming and a lot longer than the actual piece of the clothing. the beaded work is very beautiful  but short causing the very poofy peplum to start at the mos
Well made dress  but too much fabric for my taste. it lays a little heavy on the body & does not give a slimming affect. the colors are vibrant & pretty  but the dress is too long  as well. as other reviewers have said  the front is too low cut  but turn it around and it looks & feels better. didn't work for me  sadly  i'll be returning it.
It is my favorite piece in my closet right now. it is cute. it feels like a pillow. i just want to sleep in it  but i also want to wear it out so that i can show it off.
I love these pilcro pants. i had them in two colors  both beige and khaki. super comfy  and they stretch out a little around the waist with wearing. however  i recently ruined both sets in the wash because i used a stain-stick remover to try to get some grease spots out of them. the stain stick instead lifted the dye off of them! now i have two sets of pants with odd light splotches on them...so sad they aren't more color-fast :(
So  i bought 2 of these. first in xsp. it was actually the regular length not the petite one. it did have the problem mentioned by others regarding the arms  armpit  thighness issue. i thought maybe the dress was mislabeled and i got a regular xs by mistake. so i returned and order another xsp hoping i would get one with the right length  but no. the one i got has same issues as the first one. why 2 petite dresses with regular length/? i think the dresses are defective. the print is gorgeous and
I'm 5'6''   athletic build-thought it was cute but in the end didn't like the color of the inner sweatshirt--wish it was black or white. send it back.
This shirt is so cute in the picture but not so great in person. i bought the short sleeve version this summer and loved it! this runs really big so maybe a smaller size will help.
As of late  it's been difficult for me to find clothing at retailer that fit's true-to-size. i'm 5'2" and 107 lbs. and i've had to return several pieces because they were too big on me. this versatile piece fits true-to-size. i purchased an xsp. like the previous reviewer  i've tried this with a couple of different long-sleeve shirt and tights combinations. i think this will work in the spring and fall  too as the material is in between heavy and light/airy. great for work.
I just got this shirt the other day at the store.  to my surprise i needed a size zero. i usually wear a size 4 or small never that small.   i am 5'4 and a 34dd and it was still a little loose!! i bought the blue and brown color combination.  it looked really cute on with a pair of white jeans for summer.
This cardigan is a beautiful - not too thin  but soft and versatile. the cutouts add a nice unique detail. i was worried that the cuts might fray  but they actually have a very thin bit of glue to prevent fraying. really beautiful piece for those of us with cold summer offices :)
I love this piece! like another reviewer i did notice a broken button right out of the package but it was so great in every other way that i'm going to keep it and have that mended and the buttons reinforced.  i'm 5' 7  140  generally a size 8/medium  small frame on top but baby growing hips ;) -- i found it tts
The title says it all. looks very pretty online though.
Very pretty dress. the color is much brighter in person - a little too bubblegum pink for me. i love the way the bodice fit but there was just too much material in the skirt which made me look hippier than i am. would have preferred the skirt to have more of an a-line cut
I love this top. the wine color is beautiful  the fabric is soft  the details are pretty  and it fits perfectly. it is long  and will likely look best with leggings or skinny pants and boots.
I was going to order this coat online  but i ended up finding it in store. there wasn't a 2 petite available but the store had a 2 reg and i found it to fit well enough. i'm about 100 lbs with a 5 ft frame and a 34d chest. i was able to button up with a sweater underneath.  this is a fabric coat though i think it could have been great as a wool coat. the design and the colors make it easy to dress up any simple or basic outfit. i highly recommend!
I was immediately drawn to this stunning blouse ( in pink) in the store. it is a fabulous silk and velvet just in time for the holidays and beyond. in true floreat style it is well made and unique.  i'd say it fits tts to maybe slightly small if you want it to fit like it does on the model. i usually buy petite sizes when available but went with regular sizing as that is what was in the store and i liked the fit.
As soon as i saw this dress online i loved it and ordered it! unfortunately it just didn't work for me  i tried it in a small  medium and large. for reference i'm 5'2"  145lbs  36d. the dress is really pretty in person  but i looked like a little girl in it. my daughter who is 4'9"  100lbs  34a  also tried it on and she too looked like a little girl in it. the material is beautiful along with the detail at the neckline  however the neckline is not open like in the picture  it's more pushed toget
I am a brand loyal ag fan. best washes  best pocket placement and these are no exception. they do run a little big. i usually wear a 26 or 27 in the stilts depending on the fabric content. i tried these in the 26 and 25. both fit  but i went with the 25 because these will stretch at least 1/2 size. the distressing is the right amount  however i gave 4 stars because one area is directly over the knee which i don't care for. solved it by having a seamstress reinforce the back of it with a similar
I ordered this in lime  which is one of my fave colors. the garment was loose and roomy  and had the designer used elastic anywhere on the waist  i would have been in love! the shoulders were only tight due to the lack of flexibility in the bottom - no elastic at the waist and no placket below the waist to increase the ease of mobility taking the garment on and off - so if i had to use the ladies' room  i had to plan ahead.     i took it on a trip and didn't have time to try on prior to leaving.
Love this dress!! i layer spanx and a seamless tank underneath  as the fabric would show everything if worn on it's own.
I purchased this dress to wear to a wedding in june. i am 5'4"  32d and 120lbs. i bought the size 2 and it fit like a glove  didn't even have to wear a bra. the quality is beautiful. the fabric  stitching and detail are top notch and well worth the price. the way the seaming hits you on the hips and but is very flattering  especially for girls who may not be that curvy. it accentuates your curves for sure. it reminds me of an old hollywood  wiggle dress.     with that being said the dress does h
I have long arms and they are not really small and the small fit me well. i think the fact that i have broad shoulders made this top work for me. definitely a keeper! i am surprised that the arms fit me though  because i often experience sleeves that are too tight when trying on tops. i'm glad that wasn't the case this time around. i'm 5'4" 130-135lbs  depending on my appetite!
I wanted to love this blouse so much. but try as i might  it just fit so oddly on me. i'm usually a petite s so i purchased the xs in brown. first. the color was more gray-brown but it was still ok. but second  the fit was off. maybe i just got a bad one  but the center of the blouse was so offset  that the slit in the front laid so far to the left and the v-neck was so low that you could see my bra - there was no adjusting i could do to fix it. the material has a lovely soft silky feel to it an
Interesting  slightly transparent fabric. neckline is not so open as pictured. body is boxier than pictured.  would recommend as a maybe.
I had reservations about this top based on other reviews  but it looked cute on the model so i took my chances. i have an athletic build--not model-thin  but not dumpy either--and this top made me look very frumpy and matronly. the sleeves were especially unflattering. i purchased it in an ps and might have done better with a pxs.
I was so excited to try this on after having discovered it on the retailer app and stepping into the store and seeing it. on the hanger it looked alright  but once i slipped it on  it's like everything i've got going for me disappeared. granted  i'm s little bottom heavy  so these types of dresses don't typically flatter my body type anyways.
I purchased this about a month ago and its a great piece! it goes with just about everything from dresses to jeans and a long sleeve t-shirt. i love how it drapes around the front  and the material is very soft. it's a great piece for fall weather that will be a keeper in my closet!
I bought this shirt in the black cat print. the material is very soft and it has a nice drape. i wear a size 32dd and worried that the size zero may be too small across the bust but it fits perfectly. i am 5 feet tall with a petite frame. the front of the shirt falls a few inches below my waistline and the back of the shirt is longer and provides plenty of coverage so it can be worn with skinny jeans. i can also wear this to work with a pair of slacks and it looks nice. i would actually love to
I bought the cream version online  as the blue was sold out. i was rather disappointed to see that the cream is just a glorified sweatshirt. there are no dots  it it just the heathered cream of any normal sweatshirt. i do  however  like the design and the fit of the sweatshirt. i am sad that is was not clear (in the photos or in the name) that the cream version was not dotted. i am still deciding if i will keep the shirt. i love the design and fit  but the plain boring sweatshirt was not what i
As a petite  big busted woman  i found this dress wildly unflattering. the quality and pattern of the dress itself is beautiful  though it will require a slip as it is completely transparent. the design of the bust however  i found unflattering.
Whatever happened to sizing! pretty print and color but has enough fabric for 2 tops. it is also unlined which is not a huge issue. i wore it with a cami. the arms weren't too gaping for me  thankfully. i tried to make it work with a wide belt but i will have to get it tucked on the sides. i am 140 lbs and got the small. should have gone 1 or even 2 sizes smaller.
I am not sure why the first reviewed hated this dress so much. i personally like that it looks a tad retro. length is shorter  but not mini or too short. i ordered the xxs p and it looked ok on me (and i am older). the colors are fun and appropriate for fall  or winter  the sparkle (golden thread) can bring this dress into the holiday season (and beyond). i love the turtleneck part  only thing is it is really high  and the embroidery gets a little lost in it (top of the design) feel is thick  no
I agree with the other reviews that these jeans run big. for my body  straight up and down  i ordered 2 sizes down  but would have ordered one size down had i been able to try them on in the store. the jeans i received were lighter  not blue  and more grey with very noticeable white whiskering. i need a new pair of jearns and i love the cut of these so i am keeping this pair  but  for me  because of the color they are just ok compared to the wow i was expecting from the picture.
The fit is gorgeous  but i didn't realize it was completely transparent. when it says "mesh" it means "mesh"! i was thinking the "mesh" part was on the bottom. because of how it is cut  high on the shoulders  you can't wear a cami underneath to provide coverage. very cute  but not practical.
I don't have a lot of pink or lavender in my wardrobe  but any time i do try a shade like this on i always think it compliments my skin tone and hair color. i generally wear a mauve-ish or coppery eye shadow and the color of this shirt looks beautiful against that makeup too. unfortunately  i just don't find the shape of the top to be flattering. it's really long  so the way the model has it partially tucked looks best but i'm not really thin like her and i have a larger chest... it just doesn't
Absolutely love this dress. maeve dresses have always been constructed with great care and quality. i am and always have been a size med in maeve dresses. the dress is soft and flowing. the fabric is very forgiving and moves with you. i recommend trying on a dress by this maker . . . their cuts are consistent  so i feel extremely confident in buying their clothes online. this is a keeper and can be worn year round.
I'm disappointed in these pants  which looked so beautiful online and even have pockets! in person the pattern and colors aren't as nice  the fabric is too thin  and the pants look cheap. the pockets are pretty shallow. the fit isn't good either. i ordered up (i'm between sizes) and they're still not as flowy as i'd have liked. these are too pricy as lounge pants for me to be on the fence about them  so they're going back. if you buy them knowing about the thin fabric and snug fit  they might wo
This was very tight in the bust in my typical size. it fit more or less everywhere else  but the material has no give. so unless you are the precise measurements of the dress  this will be a hard dress to wear.  the color is really lovely though!
The bra is comfortable and the design is good. however  the sizing is way off. i am a 34c and the small fits well with minimal support. not sure about quality. this one might have to go back :(
The pattern and fabric on this dress are very nice. there is just too much fabric. it's much too baggy but could make a nice maternity dress. i'll be returning it.
Love the color  cut  and weight (its like a fleece-weight coat  but longer and more appropriate for an office.)  within two wears one of the buttons popped off.  within three wears  one of the back shoulder seams had split.  this coat is lovely but shoddily made. worth it with a discount and if you know how to hand-sew  because minor repairs will be in your future. it is so beautiful but not worth full price at this build quality.
I like how styling and comfortable it is  i bought it in both colors. definitely a nice piece for fall/winter in this houston weather.
This is absolutely beautiful.  but i am only 5'6"and the dress hits my thigh about the same place as it does on the model. one lean over to pick up my purse off the floor and i will flash everyone.   so i am going to wear it with dark denim leggings and tall boots.   likewise i did not detect even a speck of black. to me it is navy and purple. i was wishing it had black because those are my favorite leggings but quite honestly i think you're going to have to do navy or denim.
I didn't really understand the other reviews until i received mine in the mail. i love cloth & stone and this is just not up to their normal quality. i bought the blue and yellow colors of this blouse. it's very soft  but the blue already had strings coming from under the arms and i hadn't even tried them on yet. material is super soft  but thin. cut is weird under the arms and tight. sleeves are also tight! i am usually an xs or s in cloth & stone so i ordered smalls. i just fit the arms  but t
There is nothing special about this skirt. it's plain and incredibly dowdy looking. long and wide. i am usually between a small and medium. after reading the other review that said the waist ran small i went with a medium. it fit fine in the waist/hips.
I think these are amazing for anyone over  say  5'5". the way these hung on me (at 5'2") were very unflattering in the front. they had an unfortunate masculine effect to them. that's all i can say without being crass.
When i wore this the two times i did  i got a ton of compliments. it runs small  and is a bit tight when sized correctly but its really stunning. after the second wear  the fabric under the arms frayed and its now unwearable. i have to return it and am so disappointed. sadly  i would not recommend buying it for that reason.
I'm upset. i ordered the grey sweatshirt and while the description says the sweatshirt has a zipper  the picture of the grey does not have a zipper. i prefer no zipper  so when it arrived in the mail with a zipper  i was disappointed. it's going back. why have a model where an item that you're not offering???
This dress is a bit scratchy  but overall i liked the fabric well enough. on someone blond and fair  the peach color washes out a bit. the issue for me with the dress is that front is just too short for my height (i'm 5 9 1/2). it looked a bit obscene.     the small otherwise fit me great. i have broad shoulders  small chest and and slim.
I was very excited to try out this dress. i've been looking for a velvet dress for a couple of years now  and.. i'm not digging this one. the fabric itself was a let down right off the bat. it's cheap looking to me. i've seen nice velvet and this is very shiny  thin  and slightly sheer! the dress cut itself is what i was expecting  a loose baby doll type dress. the length hit above my knees. the overall effect made me feel very "gypsy-ish"...my husband gave a firm no! when he saw me walk out of
The dress arrived with a few snags and the fabric already pilling. the fabric will only get worse with wear. return. cute concept; poor fabric quality.
I am a huge pilcro fan. however  these were beyond large. i am not even sure that the next size down would work. keep this in mind if you attempt these pants.
Tried both colors....gorgeous  but kept the white as it offers more versatility in my wardrobe. happened to have an retailer cami that follows the lines of this top exactly to help conceal how transparent it is. [the black color will also need a cami -- strong sunlight or a camera flash will be revealing.] a lovely layering piece under sweaters  vests  jackets. so pleased!
I love this dress! i'm 5'5"  and it's just long enough to be dramatic and graze my feet without dragging on the ground with flat sandals. the print is lovely and the beading is subtle. as some have mentioned  the neck is high. it's definitely noticeable  but i didn't find it uncomfortable.
I did not even pause over this dress on line - a white lace dress now? well  my local retailer at lenox atlanta - which has a petites department - had this dress in the window with a jean jacket. being a lace geek  i went in to find it. i am a big fan of the feminine and dressy  dressed down. great window display idea!    this picture does not "do anything" for the dress except wash out the true color. the lining is ivory - that vintage sepia photo look ivory. the lace is lovely ivory too  and the
Cute and comfortable! i loved the colors and how soft the shirt is!
This lovely skirt absolutely hits the mark for quality. it is a substantial weight for fall  a deep vivid blue color  and just the right length to wear with boots.  it was a trifle snug in the waist. i would have kept it anyway  but the oversized pockets stuck out on either side in an awkward way.  at this price  it just wasn't right for me.
I bought these shorts last week in the cobalt blue color. they are super comfy and the color is beautiful however after wearing them for only a few hours i noticed a pull in the fabric that all the way down the front of the right leg. i'm extremely upset about this because they were relatively expensive for lounge shorts. i love the shorts otherwise.
The design of these ankles pants is very cool and the rise is perfect. however  the fabric  despite 2% spandex  has absolutely no give from the knee down. the extensive stitching probably contributes to the lack of stretch. while i was able to pull them on (size 27 for 110 lb/5.4')  i could not bend my legs at the knee comfortably. with longer wear  i think they would cut off the circulation.  please post if these stretch for you enough with wear and become softer.
My bridesmaids gifted this to me at my bridal shower  and of all the lingerie i received that day  this was the most memorable. it is equally romantic and sexy as it is subtly sheer. the delicate eyelash lace detail adds so much flair. i have this in size small and it fits tts. love this piece! i plan to wear this for my boudoir shoot.
I'm baffled why none of the other reviewers have mentioned how large these pants are. i ordered the petite small  and i'm always a small. these are huge. i felt like i had on a large. i like the thin material and color  and i'm sad that they are so large.
I bought the green pair in store and loved their fit. i ended up buying the rust color online too! i'm 5'3" 125 and i went down a size to a 26. cause they will stretch a little. perfect length for my height too great with wedges or boots.
I purchased this gaucho as a gift for my mother.  at first  i was about to try it for myself because gaucho is a little trend nowadays.  but later  it turned out that it was a perfect fit for my mother.  it went well with her perhaps because she saved a lot of her fashion from 1980s.  it also fit well with contemporary fashion as well.  however  i think it matches better with vintage fashion than to contemporary fashion.  so  if you happen to save those "good old fashion"  take them out and try
I saw this dress in the store window and had to try it on and it is perfect! it's lined  got pockets  can wash at home  and is a work appropriate length. it's cold in the northeast right now  so i'm wearing it with tights boots and a cardi. i really like that it isn't fitted  but is form flattering. overall win!
I tried this on in the store. all of the dresses in the store were misshapen and pulled long in the armholes (and i love all of my local retailer stores!) i don't think these should be hung on a hanger. the knit is too heavy for hanging. the hem on the dress i tried in the store was dirty from dragging on the floor. i went home and ordered it online with the 20% dress discount and free shipping. the dress i received was clean  unstretched in the armholes and not oddly short like some review
I love and live in these but the recent scoop tanks i purchased were thin  not as great. so i want to recommend them because they are really versatile but the quality has deminished.
I ordered this pants in white and black. i read the reviews and weren't that bad. i am 5'6 and 125 lbs. i got them in size small. they are way too big. the small size seems to be xl and they are way too long for someone who is maybe 5'8 or 5'9. i have to returned them. quality is ok looking on my opinion.
Soft  comfortable  flattering - great for spring  summer  fall  and wear a tight black long-sleeved tee underneath for winter! not form-fitting  even if you size down.
I ordered this sweater in xxsp and the sweater is still very large on me. it is definitely a sweater that is supposed to hang off of your shoulders  however  i'm finding that it wants to fall all the way off of me. the quality is nice. it is medium in weight. it has a cottony feeling  but it not super soft. it looks way better on the model shown than in person to me. i wanted to love it  but i only just like it. i think others will like this if you are looking for a fun  loose look in a sweater.
This tops is super cute and great transitional shirt for the fall. a little short in the front but still a great shirt.
I loved the styling of this dress the first time i saw it. i ordered it and i slipped it on and wow! it is super comfortable. the darts at the waist add shape and interest. the shape highlights the waist. the fabric is cozy without being weighty. i did find it ran large and wish there was an xxs available. my husband loved it and he doesn't like anything! it is likely that the reviewers who think that t looked like a nightgown may have needed a smaller size. i think this one is a diamond in the
I was really looking forward to getting this top but what a disappointment. it is absolutely huge! i normally wear a large and i think a small would have fit me and a small never fits me. too bad cause it's such a pretty top. p.s. this has an attached camis (which i hate).
The weight and drape of this shirt is wonderful. it is very comfortable while still being flattering. you could wear it with jeans and sneakers or heels. fits true to size and the navy color is very deep.
The fabric felt beautiful  and it felt great on  but once i looked in the mirror it just looked too housedress like. maybe because it runs large. the price seemed high as well. i wanted to love it but i had to return.
This is a beautiful skirt. it is exactly as pictured. the colors are bright and vibrant and the skirt is very full as expected. i feel like it does run a bit small. i'm usually an 8 in skirts and dresses and bought a 10. it was a bit snug at the waist but not too tight so i decided to keep it for now. my one complaint is the horrible noise that the skirt makes with my every movement. anyone and everyone can hear you coming from a mile away. the skirt is beautiful but a little stiff as well. i do
I tried this cardigan on today at retailer and i absolutely loved it! it's much cuter in real life than it looks online. it's a perfect sweater for my skinny jeans--long sweater--tall boots winter uniform.
Just wanted to review so people know this hoodie has a zipper. it's very soft and comfy but i was looking for a pullover hoodie and am disappointed that once again retailer's picture doesn't match the actual product. it does fit true to size however.
I was really disappointed in the shirt. the blue embroidery is a lot darker than what is shown in the photo  and barely stands out against the black. the photo does not accurately depict this shirt. i will be returning.
The dress is pretty and like retailer it is nice quality  i just didn't keep it because it had no shape on me and even with a belt didn't look right. i would have gone down a size in this dress also.
Love this dress  it's comfortable  and it can be worn casualties or formally.
I was under the impression that the blouse is lined however i'd need to buy yet another tank to go underneath which may be an issue due to how short this blouse is. i returned it.
Received a lot of compliments when i wore this sweater. quality is wonderful. only thing i noticed is that it's a little shorter in length then what i was expecting.
I so wanted to like these pants. i wear a lot of "genie" pants because they're comfortable. the problem with these is that they're too narrow towards the ankle  but the worst is the fabric. its "old lady" fabric. i was hoping for a pair of blousy joggers in a light denim  and this fabric was disgraceful. i knew the minute i saw them that they were going back. i'll keep looking and hoping.
These are nice  flattering bra with light to medium suport. however the colors and patters are not quite as pictured. i almost suspect they are slightly different on each bra. exmaple: on the picture online the left side seems to be a light blue and the right one orange. on the bra i received the left side is a darker  bluishgreen color. the right side is orange and light purple. i would hae prefered the colors on the photo but it is not a big deal i guess. i ordered the color block shorts as we
This shirt is really cute. it's shorter than most - and it's supposed to be that way. if you don't want your midriff showing if you stretch - this shirt isn't for you. it has slits on the side also. the material is super light so will be great for summer. i just loved the way it fit and that it's different. i ordered an xs and i'm about 5'5" and 120 lbs.
I'm writing this to warn others that these run small. i ordered my usual small and then because of the elastic waist i also ordered the medium. neither size fit me. even the medium was not only too tight in the elastic to be worn at the hip as shown  but too short waisted to be worn at the waist. they are generally smaller everywhere  which just seems wrong in this style pant. also  take note  these are slit up the side  which i could not see in the photo. it's not a high slit  but still  does c
I definitely agree with the other reviews  however i really like this skirt because it will go with a variety of tops to dress it up  or down  as well as color options. the tricky thing is that it runs super small. i'm usually between a 6  or 8 (28/29)  and ended up getting a size 10. i don't like high waisted skirts or pants  so it sits just below my navel and is very comfortable. maybe best to try on in store  but worth it!
This top may be right for some  but it did not work for me. i've been looking for a nice black top and loved the flutter sleeves on this one. however  it didn't do much to flatter my body. i ordered the xl  but it was huge. i'm not sure a l would have solved my problems if it had been available. i found it looked boxy and and agree that the arm holes are too big.     the quality is great and style so pretty  though. i wish it had worked for me!
This shirt had an overpowering vinegar odor when i took it out of the packaging.    the mint green color was appealing but the styling did not look good and the smell was too much.
I have a hard time finding slacks that are a step up from jeans and that is why these are such a great find. they feel great  fit well  the price was good even before i got them on sale  i love the color and they seem like they will be easy to take care of. wish they came in more colors..
This has quickly become my favorite sweater. i am thinking of getting another one in case mine wears out! it's comfy-cozy and soft. love it layered over t-shirts or long sleeved collared shirts  and am looking forward to trying it with a dress and bare legs once it's warmer out. it runs kind of big. i'm 5'8" and usually a size 6/8 and i got an xs. the s fit too.
This is a beautiful  well made jacket. also  it's very cozy and warm. unfortunately for me  it was too short and wide. i ordered the petite  but it was still too wide which also made it look too short. not flattering for my small frame.
It looks a little more dressy in the picture but it's cotton  soft and very comfortable.
This dress hangs horribly. unlike the photo  the waist does not cinch. too bad. the colors are great and the quality of the material is nice. because i bought it on sale  i may try to tailor it to work  but unless you are willing to do that  its a no go. :-(
I ordered these a size up because i'd just had a baby and knew i needed a bigger size. my pre-pre baby size (chubby phase) were size 8/29. these fit like a size 4. way too small. very disappointed!
Couldn't make it work  even belted. ivory color is darker irl--dingy light tan  like dirty vintage. "drop" waist is not dropped at all  just a maternity-ish cut that starts boxy-loose high up (below bust)  then abruptly flares out at bellybutton level (not low hip) into the skirt. i usually find a-line cuts good at giving illusion of a willowy  curvy waist  but this does not--adds ten pounds. poly fabric heavy/hot; rayon lining awkward and doesn't flow/drape. (5'3'' 127lb 34a  tried xs)
I just tried this top on in xs regular even though i generally wear xspetite in retailer and it fit great (34aa - 26 - 34). i think it's flattering on my fairly straight body with the halter neck  fitted waist and peplum. i would guess it would be flattering on many body types; it highlights shoulders beautifully. it was very hard to get my head through the small  not-too-stretchy opening so you may want to try it on without makeup. i knocked off one star because the neck band wasn't symmetrical 
There were just too many pleats to this thing. it was not flattering. it looks fantastic on this model but not on me. oh well.
Cute suit over all. cups are lightly padded  which is nice if you're concerned about modesty. it runs really small in my opinion. i am 5'7" and 125 lbs. i almost always wear a size small  but i ordered a medium in this suit  and although it fits and i'm sticking with the medium  i'm wondering if a large might fit even better. it's also too tight on the leg openings  in my opinion. i like that the straps are adjustable. the pattern is flattering  and i like the suit well enough to keep it. but i
This dress is amazing. i bought it for an afternoon wedding i'm attending  it's perfect! it fits like a glove and the lace is so delicate. the nude sheath really allows the lace and all the details to stand out. love it in the black!
I am so glad i read the reviews for this before i purchased it. i am 5'5 and 135 pounds and normally wear a size 6 in dresses. i would normally buy a small  but sized down to an xs and it was perfect! it's a beautiful dress and very flattering!
When i saw this online  i wondered why this dress cost so much. i have been keeping my eye on it for some time. loved what i saw  the design and colors and details at the neckline and waist along with pockets but was skeptical. i was waiting for a sale to take a dive and here are my thoughts when i got it: ___________ pros: - the colors you see online are exactly the same in person. - the jeweled neckline is lovely. it's one thing that drew me to it. this dress had a very sophisticated appeal wh
I love tiny button down tops. this one didn't work at all for me. i was excited about the mix prints but on it looked like i was wearing a vest over a striped shirt. also the arm was frayed on the shirt i tried on.
I purchased the blue (a bluish gray)  size medium.    the entire top  including the fluttery sleeves  drapes wonderfully and is sooo soft. i wish i could wear this top/this silhouette every day! it's versatile enough to do so  if only the other colors were flattering to my coloring.     sleeves: i'm thrilled to find a shirt that fits/flatters my proportional curves and sports sleeves that don't grip my biceps. often  i must choose to fit my arms or fit my torso  unless i want the additional step
I bought a few of these tops in the long sleeved version during the fall/winter  so i was super excited to see the short sleeved version come out! in this brand  i can wear an xs or s - i typically wear a s in retailer tops. if you need a tee that covers your lady parts when wearing leggings  this is it! it perfectly covers my rump and looks great. it's a nice weight  too. the detailing down the back is a nice touch.
Good quality shirt. cute design and not sheer. not quite as loose and stretchy as most of retailer's shirt  but good fit.
The fabric is great. the design is fun. i thought the dress would be perfect for work and also wear for a fun night out. the fit was perfect up top but the bottom part was to full and a lot longer then i expected. so i had to return it.
I tried this on in white and considered whether or not i wanted "just another cover-up". in the final analysis  even at $35 (30% off 49.99)  it just hung there. if that's what you're after  then this is for you.
I didn't receive a jacket. i received a very expensive cardigan sweater with no structural qualities to it. jackets have some structure to them. for example they might nip in at the waist a bit. this cardigan doesn't do that. it hangs in a very boxy shape. the quality is great. very light weight and i really love the little pockets and details  but i don't need/want another cardigan.     i'm 5'5"  118 lbs and got a small. the small seemed big  but i think it would have fit fine if it had more st
I get so many compliments every time i wear this dress. friends  strangers  younger  older and even the pharmacist at my drugstore wanted to know where i bought the dress. it has a 70's vibe to it  fun and swingy. perfect for fall in florida with sandals or when it gets cooler  i think it will look great with leggings and boots. i purchased the orange and dark gray in a medium petite (i'm 5'4' and 135) and it hit just above my knee. my favorite dress right now!
I received this dress in the mail yesterday. right away  i noticed the coloring wasn't quite the same as it appears in the images online. in person  the hints of brown appear more bronzy and shiny  as opposed to more muted. i was willing to look past that  but then i tried it on. i ordered a small  which is my typical size in retailer dresses. it ran quite large and was way to long for me (i am 5' 4''). overall  between the coloring and sizing  this dress wasn't a hit for me.
Fits perfect.
I loooove this. my favorite retailer purchase in a while and i buy frequently. ran out of s p while in my basket (there are never enough petites available) so i got the medium. it is big but with this style i can pull it off. it does run a bit large so a s would have been perfect. please make this in more colors/fabrics! i would buy them all!
I love this shirt's color which is a lovely yellow. the fit is nice and flowing. i usually wear xs but intentionally bought s  so that it would be a little lose and i may wear with leggings. my one issue is how transparent it is. i opt to wear a spaghetti strap underneath it  however some women might be ok wearing it alone.
Darling jacket/coat  similar styling as the beige with big flowers and lace-up back that i bought a few years ago and still love. i was considering this one  but the description says to hand wash. seriously? a coat? that's simply not practical. not sure if i will buy this one.
Why is it so difficult to find a shirt that doesn't expose half of my bra if i lift my arm?     this is cute (beyond the arm hole issue) but overpriced. going back.
I wanted this dress in yellow from the moment i first saw it on instagram. i waited for it to be available online and once it was i ordered it. i am usually a size medium but sized down to a small petitie (5'5") -- and the fit is off. i am a 34b so its too roomy in the chest. because i love everything else about this dress i am going to re-order in an xs petite but that will be two sizes down for me. not sure if it will fit. length was good. looks great with a dark denim jacket . the dress is li
I love these joggers. they are stylish  comfortable and high quality. my one complaint is that the sizing appears different for different colors.     i got them in the green/moss color . i immediately wore them casually with flats  a t  & a long silver necklace. that night  i literally just changed into a long  flowy silk cami and high suede black shoes with the joggers and wore them out- feeling comfy and pulled together (favorite combination).     i loved them so much i decided to try the othe
It looks like the stores are finally receiving their supply of this really pretty dress. i've been watching its availability online and was getting frustrated. my local store had ample supply. it's a beautiful dress! as per an earlier review  it does run a little large. i love that it's made of cotton so it will be perfect in the summer and beyond. it's a full skirt but looks really pretty on. my local store showed it belted which looked good too.
I ordered these tees in the navy and pink thinking that it would be a slam dunk given i already bought 3 of the same tees last year. not so. this year's version is much bigger - almost 2 inches wider and about 2 inches longer. there was even a 2 inch difference between the pink and navy version so i have to assume that sizing may vary among different colors. too bad for me - but i did read a review that thought the tees were better this year. i guess we are all different. at 5'7"  115lbs i prefe
I first saw this sweater coat in the retailer catalog that i got in the mail. i thought it was beautiful. so ethereal! i never thought that i would own it  though because of the initial price. i never thought it would make it to clearance. to my surprise  it did  and then went the extra 30% off! i took the plunge. i followed the advice of the other reviewers  and ordered a size down  a small. i am glad that i did. i still feel like i get the oversized  wrapped in warmth feel. it is not a figure fl
The tights are thin and not how they appear in the photo. one of my pairs had a hole in the seat and it was obvious they had been repackaged with part of the packaging missing. very disappointing. i wish i had found the hole before i try them on. they are definitely going back.
With all of the glowing reviews of this dress  i so badly wanted to adore this very special cocktail dress. it fit nicely  the quality was great  but there is a decorative (?) line of hook and eyes down the front which come undone with the slightest movement. i wore the dress out one time and was paranoid the entire time  kept glancing down to make sure i hadn't come undressed. i suppose i could've gotten out the needlenose and crimped them all shut  but decided to take it back. i didn't see tha
These were my go to work pants. i have 10 pairs. so disappointed that you are not making them in tall anymore. i will have to look elsewhere when buying pants. please bring them back
I was looking for a comfortable top that looks put-together and cute for work  and this one fits the bill. i couldn't decide between black or white ? so i got both! if i had to choose  i would stick with the black  because it's more slimming  particularly for those of us with a large bust. it's not as heavy or stiff of a material as it appears in the pic  which i like  but it still has structure. great basic with some flair. i got the small (my normal retailer size)  and it fit perfectly.
I just received this in the mail today and haven't taken it off since! i feel like i should be in a romantic movie with a cute black dress under it. can definitely see myself getting a lot of use out of it. can not wait to wear it for the holidays!
I ordered this in a small petite and medium petite   and i am a huge fan of a*k. i put tried on the sp. while it fit  it was very long  even for a petite. what i hated about it was that the piping on the top made me look very wide. even a long necklace wouldn't help deter the look. on a positive side  the blue was a very nice  cool color. i am usually a small to medium in a*k (6-8 in tops) and the small fit well in the arms/bodice  just too much fabric for me. returning!
I want to be the person who lounges like the model...but this was huge and more wool-feeling than the lightweight shawl i was hoping for. i am an 8  got the xs/s it was the right size....i returned it.
Bought these in both moss and navy. fits perfect  love the style and the roll down waist. excellent quality.  bought the peachy color top with the elephants to wear with the moss colored one and received lots of compliments.
This is a great sweater. it can be worn "wrapped" as on the model  or open like a cardigan. it is a lighter weight knit  perfect for how warm this winter has been. i love the deep purple color. normally between a small and medium and went with the medium in this sweater.
I love the pattern and shape of this top. i can dress it up a bit with white pants and heels or dress it down with shorts and sandals. nice fabric and fit.
The dress is as great 'in person' as it shows in the pictures. if you usually buy petite keep in mind that you may like the regular size if you prefer the llonger look. if you prefer a shorter length go for the petite size if this is what you usually get. i am 5.3  117 lbs and tried both  xs regular and xs petite. i ultimately went with the regular size as i preferred the longer length.  everything about this dress is perfect  the color  the material  the cut. highly recommended as a transition
Material is so thin this shirt ripped in three places after wearing only once.    got a size larger than i needed as i have a larger chest and even though it's a bit lose the thread has ripped material on my chest and in the armpits.
When i received this dress i was surprised by the weight of the fabric. it's not as light and gauzy as the photos appear  and it is fully lined. it's more substantial in a good way. also i had thought it would be more of a straight cut but it's definitely a swing which i prefer. with the lining  it does stand out a bit from your body so it's not a clingy look at all. i like it a lot but i don't think it fits the way you would expect from the photo. it's roomy  i could probably have sized down. i
I recently bought this dress and wore it once. i really liked it! it was comfy  cute and fit well. but... then i washed it. i followed the washing instructions exactly  but now it looks more like a shirt than a dress and it's completely unwearable. i'm super disappointed because i thought this dress would be a wardrobe staple this summer.
This is a wonderful dress. i love the fit and feel of the fabric. i have been looking for a while for a 'fall' maxi to wear with a pair of free people boots i purchased. this dress is perfect with them. the colors are fall and fresh  can i say that about fall?
Love the jacket! so versatile! would probably order up a size if you like a loose fit.
I am petite and ordered size small  and it came looking like gym sweat pants. the material was very nice  but in terms of the waist and length size  both run incredibly large. the cuff of the joggers are also not elastic at all  and hangs loose widely. will have to return this item  unfortunately.
Agree with other poster. this shirt runs very big. i'm all for a flowy  shirt that hides my belly but this is just a tent. i'll be retuning it.
Runs very large and way too much fabric. i wanted this top to work because it looks cute on hanger. i usually wear s/m and the xs had too much fabric. may work better on someone with longer torso and taller. i am 5'6.5" 36c 126lbs
I absolutely loved the idea of an elongated hoodie as a lounge dress or robe. unfortunately  this particular product left a lot to be desired. firstly  the fit is slim  not relaxed. i'm 5'4"  at 110 lbs and tried both the size 1 (equivalent of a small) and size 2 (equivalent of a medium). sizing up just added length and did not do much to increase roominess. they both zipped up easily but did not drape well. finally  the fabric was really not welcoming. i prefer terry over fleece  however this w
This top is gorgeous and beautifully made. however  the fit leaves a lot to be desired. the other parts of the straps pucker out and do not lay flat on your skin. i tried to make this work but just couldn't  so it's going back.
I originally eyed this dress online - the lovely and comfortable weight of it can only be appreciated in person  however. it's a dress i'd be able to wear for hours on end.
I really love the style of this top. it's a great lightweight  breathable top perfect for summer. it is slightly sheer so i have to wear a cami underneath. it is definitely a flowy top  but flattering. i'm 5'0 115lbs and ordered the xxs. a petite size would've been better as it is long on me (it covers my butt in the back)  but it looks good with a longer short or pants.
Hands down most comfortable bra ever!
This shirt is comfortable and looks just like the picture. my only complaint is that it is quite boxy so not very flattering. the colors and details are great. the material is good quality and thick. if you are looking for a light t-shirt this is not for you
....that's what i look like wearing this dress. a sad  sad  sack. the fabric is less than ideal  and there is no shape to speak of. i love that it has pockets but that's about it. there was just way too much fabric for a petite person. this dress has got to be good on someone  sadly that person was not me.
I love this vest  good denim quality
I liked it online  but i didn't want to pay shipping for something i wasn't sure if it is good. when i saw one size 4 in the store  i was excited to try it on. however  it didn't quite meet the expectation. the dress fits a little loose (donna morgan size 2 fits me better)  and it is not lined at all. the separate top piece is just way too big without any shape. there must be a clip on the back of the top shown on the model to make it look smaller. i love the blue floral print  but that is the o
This too is so beautiful in person. there is gold dots all over the blouse that are not overwhelming. i love this top with business attire and denim. fits tts.
Very light weight and soft fabric. i bought the blue but did not try green or grey. i love blue with my skin tone and am afraid green may make my skin look yellow. did not see the green in my store though. very comfy and flattering dress. runs tts.
This is a cute top but i wore it for around 5 hours and lo and behold i had smurf skin. i did not sweat in it but the color transferred to my underarm area and bra and it did not come off in the shower!! i guess it's going to have to wear off. thank goodness it was not a hot day!! i hope that i can return it.
I really liked this dress in so many ways. i'm tall and pear-shaped so the flowy shape is great for me. however  the deal-breaker was how the armholes were cut. it isn't that obvious in the photos  but they are cut in around the bust in the front in a way that was really weird looking on me  and it was too expensive to keep something that's unflattering. too bad  if they had just had a normal armhole it would have been a home run. lovely fabric and nice that it has pockets.
I live in south florida so i'm always looking for sundresses that will be flattering (but not too clingy or hot)  and that i can take from day to evening with accessories. when i pulled this out of the box and walked around in it  it met all my criteria  and as an added bonus  my husband said  "wow! you look great! where'd you get that dress?" i'm shocked because as an earlier reviewer said  this dress doesn't seem like much - it's not even lined. but it's comfy  flattering (in all the right pla
I was disappointed with this jumpsuit. when i first saw it in the store  i thought i was going to love it. when i tried it on  the first issue is the fabric is too sheer. i could completely see the outline of my underwear and bra. it also runs way too big! i know the bottom is supposed to be loose and flowy  but the waist needs to be more tapered to off set that  and it's so baggy. the arm holes are also cut very low  so when you lift your arms you can see most of your bra on the sides   i wante
This sweater is gorgeous in print but in person the colors are murkier. the yellow dots are really a dusty mustard yellow and the navy is a smokey navy. the white background reads more oatmeal in person.
I gave this top 5 stars for the embroidery and fit around the chest/shoulders. i wish this top was a little longer as the xsmall was just too short. (i'm 5'6" and run long-waisted.) the small fit better in length...the way it does on the model.
I saw the shirt at my local retailer store and loved the color and print; however  the shirt had way too much fabric!  i was swimming in it.  it was not flattering whatsoever.  plus  it's overpriced for a shirt.  i'm sadly returning it.
This vest is so functional. i think it is much prettier in person than in this photo. it has a much softer look to it and is less orange  more tan. i've worn it with a lot of different things: over a sweater dress at work  with soft pants and a long-sleeve t-shirt  or skinny jeans/pants and a simple top. wish it came in other colors (gray  navy or green would all be amazing)...one of my favorite pieces this season for sure. i do think it runs a little bit large  but i think the next size smaller
I absolutely love this blouse...i ordered it in peach..then waited for the raspberry to come back in my size...now i have 2 colors...it runs really large....but putting a tank or cami underneath is fun :-)
I love this top--the fabric  the color  they way it hangs. i'm glad i tried it on in the store though because the v on the small went waaay too low  so i sized down to an xs and it was perfect. it basically fit the same as the small but with a higher v so my bra wouldn't show.
This shirt is purportedly made of silk  but it is extremely low quality. the material is coarse and scratchy. it's not even worth it at the extra 40% off sale price. returned.
I have a shorter torso and so i usually love dresses that hit right at my waist- so this dress seemed perfect!   i ordered a size 2 petite  which fit very well. the regular two (in picture) was not as well made. the straps didn't fit as well. they were less of an "x" and way more fabric. petite fit great. i think this dress is really fun but not very mature. i returned it because it didn't feel adult enough for the event.
I don't usually write reviews but this one definitely needs it. i bought this shirt in the wine color in a small. i'm 5'6" 135lbs and usually wear a small in retailer clothing. loved the color and fit of this shirt  a little longer and loose with unique detailing on the sides. i loved the wine color so much i bought the gray and white stripe one as well. when i bought the gray and white one i had to try on 5-6 smalls before finding one that fit just right. there was a significant difference in the
This top does look as pictured  the sleeves hit me the same and the size was true... i just didn't like it... it was shorter than i wanted in length and i just didn't feel like this top was worth the price so it's going back. i feel like i have had shirts with this texture and over time  they just didn't wear as well so i was afraid with 3 kids it wouldn't be a good idea. i paired it with a blazer and it looked great  but on it's on  i don't know  just not for me. for reference  i am 5'8'' 128lb
I am 5 7" 135 lbs the small fit well in the bust but no shape . it was just big and frumpy . it went back .
Flattering poncho  pair well with leggings or skinny jeans and booties
While i love the green color and the soft waffle knit of this top it was so wide i could have fit two of me standing side by side into it!  i mean it was truly laughable!  don't know what the manufacturer was thinking but this one needs to go back to the drawing board.
Very cute top. i went down a size because for me it was a little large in the back  but that was just my taste. i purchased the denim print.
These are so comfy. i will wear them for 3 seasons. so worth it - especially on sale.
Love this soft sweatshirt. the peplum makes it a little different and the quality is great. go to piece for spring. loose fitting but true to size in shoulders.
Cute tunic.  fits on the fitted side but i love it with a vest layered over. nice material.
I love this poncho! it is flattering (who would have thought i would use that word in the same sentence as a poncho?) and offers enough room for warm clothes underneath.  it is stiffer and thicker than i had originally anticipated  and the material is somewhat itchy so i would recommend long sleeves and clothes with more covering underneath.
I bought this mostly to wear around the house  so i'll keep it because i got it on a pretty good sale.  that said  this runs really large. the sleeves are really loose  and it doesn't really hang well over my hips  which is a shame. it's very soft and cozy  which is nice  but i don't think i'll leave the house in it often. it also arrived with a hole in the ribbing on the bottom of the front panel. i was able to tie a knot through one of the loops that i think will prevent further unraveling  bu
The styling of this top is so cute but the fabric is thin  kind of scratchy & has  almost no give to it.  it is very uncomfortable on & is very restricting as far as  movement is concerned.   cannot recommend - back it goes!
I tried on about 25 items in the store today and didn't buy anything but if i had bought just one thing it would have been this great floral t-shirt (i may have to go back for it). the combination of the very soft material and faded look of the pattern gives it the look and feel of an old favorite tee shirt. the fit is exceptional as well- not too loose or too snug. i would definitely snap it up on sale and may even have to cave to the full price.
I ordered this to arrive at my store and was so excited to try it on. it was soft and cuddly  but a little baggy under the arms  and it shed everywhere. underwhelmed.
First let me say i love the fabric and the pattern of the blue dress. but the fit is extremely loose. they could take out an entire 12 inches of material and it would still be a swing dress. the photo of the back of the model  where the blue dress goes in to her waist is not at all accurate. if it was  i would love this dress. the photo of the model wearing the other color is how the dress actually hangs - straight down from the underarms and then bigger as it goes toward the hemline. i am 5'7"
This top is perfect to dress up and dress down. pair it with high wasted pants and you are set!
This dress arrived with a black rope belt and belt loops. i did not see this in the photo. i thought it was a throw-on-and-go dress  not a belted dress. this  in addition to the weird sizing  caused me to return it. i am a size 4-6 in dresses and the size small i ordered was skin tight and bunched at the hips.
I followed the other reviewers who said these fit true to size. i have to disagree. i normally wear an 8 in shorts  which is what i ordered  and the fit is too tight in the waist and butt. i'm exchanging for 10. i really like the color and fun accents. i really hope i can get these in 10!
This tank seemed like it should have been a maternity top. way too much fabric  not flattering for those of us with a larger bust. i am wearing a medium in the photos and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40.
The arm holes are just weird .. a little too big for me was just 'off'... back it goes.
I really wanted to love these  i bought them in a rush because i needed to replace my skinny jeans asap. they were a little long and didn't quite hug my calves but i figured with hemming they would be fine. i was told they wouldn't stretch out much. well  they fit great at the waist but the legs are now huge on me and i can't get them to shrink. wish i spent a little more on a different skinny jean. too late to return  so my hoping to be going out jeans are now lazy day jeans.
This dress is not flattering. the slip is very small and short and the dress is big and billowy. like the other reviewer said  its more like a tablecloth that you stick your head through. it was really hard to figure out how to cinch in the waist but it didn't help regardless. the length is not accurate either. i would say it's a pretty short dress (mid thigh) but that probably depends on the person. it also makes you look very horizontal. i was really excited about this dress but it's getting r
I am a sucker for a peasant dress. i love anything i can toss with a pair flats and head out the door  but this dress is ridiculous. i look like a schoolmarm. the white bib collar takes this dress into costume territory. i love one september and have many items from the brand that i wear regularly  so i'm bummed that this wasn't what i expected. i knew it would have flow  but it's more billowy than i wanted. stay away unless you want to look like a little girl on the first day of school.
Bummer  i fell in absolute love with these gems until i realized how weak the stretch is by the end of the day. i purchased them on the 13th of feb and can't bare to wear them anymore.
I purchased these in a 26 petite and a 26 regular. the 26r was too long and bunched up terribly pass the knee. they were also loose in the waist and overall body. the 26p fit great in the waist and body  however; past the knee it was too tight and again it bunched but not as bad as the 26 reg. the overall quality of the jean seems fairly good. the fit just did not work for me so these go back and the hunt continues for white jeans. would love it if they made the hyphen jeans in white.
I bought this sweater online and was surprised by how thick and fluffy it is. this is a warm and cozy sweater  more bulky than oversized. pattern has a comic book-style art look. it has raglan sleeves and a boxy cut and narrows a bit at the waist. cute  warm sweater for winter--wore with an undershirt.
I love the peplum tanks that retailer puts out  but sadly this one did not work for me. the print is vibrant and the colors are even brighter in person  the the material made it look cheap. the fit in the bust was off - i felt that it cut too much into the bra area. and the poof part of the peplum hit me at a weird spot on my torso. really wanted it to work  but maybe it would look better on someone more slender/taller than me (for reference i'm 4'10" and usually wear size l in retailer)
Dress runs very large. quality is great and the pockets are a great addition.
This tunic is way over priced for the style and quality. it fit comfortably (runs a size larger) but it's not really flattering  it jut kind of hangs there looking ok. it is a little too deep of a v cut for a work top as well. this top does not support the price at all. it felt like something i could find at department store for way less. i will be returning it.
Great  really soft hoodie. i got an xxs petite and it's still a little big  but it works. i'm 5'1"  95lbs.
What i love especially about this dress are the comfortable  soft fabric and the shape of the back -- the scoop and longer back hem are very ballet dancer! the green & off white print is very pretty for spring. sizing is a little tricky for me as i'm between petite and regular sizes. the hem length in the sp is perfect  about 1.5" above the knee in front  but the waist sits a little high. the top seam of the waist section is above my natural waist  and the bottom seam sits right under my navel s
This super cute skirt has a beautiful drape and overall fit. i was afraid the tie at the front would emphasize my slight tummy  but to the contrary  the skirt is flattering and slimming. at 5'3"  the front of the skirt hits at my upper to mid knee. 118 lbs.  26" waist  36" hips  size 2 regular is a perfect fit.
This top runs a bit small  but it's very pretty. i got the ivory and it's beautiful  very form fitting. it is a bit see thru so i will probably wear a tank under it. it's simple tshirt material  so i feel like it should be a bit less $.
I like this on the model so i ordered it. it is not quite as deep in color as online but still pretty. it fits well not too loose and not tight at all. i will get great use out of this all the way through spring!
I'm 5'7  125lbs  and the small fits perfectly. the sleeves are the right length (i have long arms and legs)  and the body fits loosely  without looking sloppy. at my height  the small is not long enough to wear as a tunic  which is fine.    unfortunately  the shirt arrived with makeup stains around the laces and the inside of the shirt  so i had to wash it before wearing it.    i only purchased this shirt because it was on sale.
So i really loved this dress. i am tall (6ft) and the size 8 was perfect length. i would have worn it with flat dressy sandals. i would say it is true to size. i am not a flowy dress kind of girl but this was just the perfect amount of "flow" without making me feel like i was wearing a long potato sack. the back is just gorgeous and unique. here is why i couldn't make it mine. the tube top part is completely detachable and extremely thin. there is literally not much to it and i'm not sure it wou
I was excited to receive this top and wanted to love it; however  the side ruffles flared out more than i expected. it didn't look right on me so had to return it :(
I like this sweater. i bought it in small and medium because it was 25% off and i didn't want my size to sell out. im keeping the small. im 5'5" and 140 lbs and hourglass. the medium was way too much fabric. its still roomy in the small  but its lush looking and soft and will look pretty with jeans and high boots. i ordered the one in the beige as well but i think the lavender color is prettier in person. i think the beige may wash me out. hope this helps.
This is  like many reviewers stated  a very flattering and nice dress. the sleeves were particularly great  because they are slightly longer than most of this type and went past the meaty (for lack of a better word!) part of my arm  only exposing the slimmer bits. it looked great on me  and i imagine it would on most people. i just did not like the handkerchief hem....too young  too trendy? i don't know  when you're in your 40s  you start to feel ridiculous in certain styles! i just didn't feel
Purchased in white. very pretty top. i thought it would be more lace - but non the less  it is lovely.
This is a beautiful  well made skirt that flows over curves beautifully. my only complaint is that the picture shows the purple lining showing through the tulle and the waistband having a purplish hue. the skirt i received is completely black and the lining doesn't show through purple at all.
I really loved the colors and style of this top. unfortunately it runs a bit small and was too short on me. i'm 5'9. some mentioned they didn't like fabric but i thought it was good!
This suit was high quality  and a cute design. however  it is clearly made for a lean body type.
These pants are great. the pattern is beautiful and the fit is perfect. they pair well with a s front tucked shirt or fitted colwyn neck sweater. another great find from retailer!
I just tried on this dress in the store  in red  and i loved the off the shoulder design. the color is just as pictured online (a light poppy red). the neckline began a few inches below my collarbone and was super flattering. however  the skirt portion of this dress flared awkwardly at the hips  causing my hips to look much wider than they really are (and also disturbing the otherwise clean lines of the dress). it seemed to me that there was too much fabric at the back portion of the skirt than
I loved this top. loved it. the quality and color ( i got the red) are wonderful. the top fit perfectly through the chest and the a-line design was super flattering through the waist. however  i am long waisted and the top was simply too short on me. even when worn with mid-rise trousers  my belly showed when i leaned to the side or reached my arms above my shoulders. i so hoped it would be perfect with skinny jeans or leggings - as shown on the model - but on a long-waisted frame it is simply t
This top is crazy in the front and just way-off when it comes to a cross-over drape. the top did not lay flat and the drape over has one snap which seemed to "bloop" open constantly. the bottom in the front is a strange combination of layers that i couldn't get to look good.  i'm busty  but this isn't the reason this blouse is just a disaster of a fit on me. the blouse fits tts and everything was covered  so it's not like it was too small and tugged. that's not the case. this blouse just didn't
I almost never buy full price but i did with this skirt.  it is adorable! saw it in the store.  it is too short to wear to work but is fine for casual wear.  i am a size 14 but the largest one they had was a 12 and it fit perfectly.  i&#39;d size down. the fabric is stiff and the a-line stands out.  colors are southwesternish.  can be worn with any color top.  i bought a cream colored top to wear with it (that was on the sale rack) but i'm sure there are plenty things in the closet that will go.
These menswear inspired trouser and beyond cute and comfy. great color and fit. soft interior. dress up with a blazer or go casua with a tee. adorable.
Great top for the older woman who wants to be stylish but needs a little extra room. the subtle color goes with anything. i love it!!
If you like to wear lampshades this is the shirt for you. beyond unflattering. boxy and seriously looks like lace was stitched to the bottom of a lampshade
This dress is beautiful and unique - the cutouts and lace really stand out. however  the dress was huge on me and that is rare with moulinette souers. i usually get a 0 or 0p in this brand due to the bust sizing being generally smaller but the 0 regular was huge and the armholes really big. the petite may have been better but felt that it would have been too short. while the design is beautiful  there were several areas on the dress where the threads were unraveling. for reference  i am 24 waist
I can't get enough off-the-shoulder tops. so even though this is out of season  i went for it...in both colors! my only con is the fabric has a slight sheen which cheapens the look a tad. like i'd read in other reviews  it does run a bit small for this cut top - i just wanted a bit more volume in the neck hole and in the waist since i won't be tucking in. if you want it more fitted and ruched around the waist  go for your normal size. i'll be ordering a small in both colors because i know i won'
For the price  this top holds up. the colors make this top more interesting  but the white is rather plain and sheer. i tried on my usual size small and it fit well - 5'8"  135 lbs  32d.
This wash is so beautiful but i found the rise too long for me. so happy i found them in 24p here on the site. they are wonderful but i'd like to caution with respect to proportions:    i have long legs (for a petite  ha!) and a petite upper body. these jeans almost entirely differ with respect to length. so id say if the your torso is fairly true to a regular fit  and your legs are shorter  you totally save on hemming the regular fit jeans. like another reviewe noted  hemming will reduce the fl
I usually love maeve and generally feel like everything they make was made for me. sadly  this dress is a definite exception  which could easily have been solved by changing the construction of the dress. as other reviewers stated  the dress does run small  but even if you size up  if you have any breasts at all  the dress will pull at the buttons  causing them to gape (i'm only a b cup  so not on the large side.) i'm pretty sure this is why the model has her arms crossed in the picture. i love
I love the design of this dress  but found it to be an odd fit. the bow in back didn't cover my bra  and in fact  though the overall fit seemed right  the bust was tight unless i removed the bra (which is not an option in my book). i'm not large-chested  so this seemed like a design flaw to me.
I bought this sweater the minute i saw it  and waited for over six weeks for it to come off of back order (it was further delayed from even what i was told when i first ordered it).   i was beyond excited when it finally arrived and wore the sweater the day after i received it... i had a long flight and thought it was the perfect option for keeping comfy on a plane.   i was so disappointed that by the time i got off my flight four hours later  the sweater had not one  not two  but three differen
I waited in anticipation for the turquoise version to appear online. turquoise and red can be found on another product page with the same name.     size: i'm between small and xs for most retailer brands. i wanted this top to be a bit more fitted  so i ordered an xs. i'm 5' 5" tall  135 lbs  35-29-36  34d  with long torso and narrow shoulders.    fit: xs is spot on for me. i don't really mind the shorter length. it didn't appear to be too boxy. i layered a white shapewear tank underneath to help w
I bought the red and white. both tank tops were a nice  thick material- definitely high quality. i was hoping there would just be a little bit of swing at the bottom  just enough to be loose and flattering. but there is a ton of extra fabric at the end  which with a larger bust wound up edging into looking a little maternity. but i think it'd be great on you if you tend to do well with very drapey or swingy tops. it runs a touch big- im normally between a small and an xs  and the xs was not even
This shirt has an incredible softness to it and the purple print is so lovely  i did end up returning it simply because the flowiness was a bit too much for me. i had tried the 2 and 4 and went with the 4 due to arm restrictions in the smaller size. too bad because it really is a lovely top. definitely worth a try in store!
Love this jacket!!! it is soooo soft and goes with everything. you will want to wear it every day. loved it so much i bought my mother one  too.
This is a fantastic maxi -- it is very flattering  you can wear a normal bra with it (for me  very necessary) and the added ruffle makes it perfect. its a casual fabric but because of the contrast in fabric can be dressed up easily.     i am 5 foot 1  123  and curvy on top and ordered a small petite. in many antrho maxis i go down to an xs  but in this one the small felt the best -- more comfortable around the waist.     will get tons of wear out of this -- have already taken it on a trip and wo
I ordered this dress  and loved  loved it. beautiful  great fabric. the length was even perfect for me and i'm 5'4". i am usually a size 8  but ordered up to a 10 because i am a little woman with the exception of my chest. i have ordered dresses before from retailer where i had to order certain dresses a size larger and they worked. unfortunately this time  it wasn't to be. tried the dress on and it fit nicely until the side zipper got to my chest area. i would have ordered another size lar
The color  design and fabric of this top (got it in the red) were just as i expected  but as the owner of several deletta brand tops  i was very surprised to find that my usual size small runs very large in this tank. not only did the front dip too low but so did the arm holes  and the top just hangs on me. it was so big for a small that it almost made me think it had been mislabeled and was really a size large.   bummed to return it because i really love the color and the style. will try an x-s
High quality  yummy soft fabric  gorgeous color. even with those three pros  this jumpsuit is not for me. i am 5'2" and 150 lbs  size 10-12 m/l in the lines that retailer carries. i own one of their jumpers and it is very flattering! this one  however has capri pants  hits awkwardly at the midsection and makes my torso look even more square. on a tall  thin woman  it probably works!
Love these pants! super comfortable  but feel high quality. i am usually a size 2 and the xs fits perfectly.
Loved these in store when i tried them on but was in between sizes so i ordered them in the larger size. boy do i regret that! these stretch out so much i have to wear a belt with them and it gives me this saggy bunchy front when i sit...not attractive. wish i could return them  but i took the tag off and wore them not knowing this before hand!! if in between sizes definitely size down.
The shirt is nice  but not as nice a material as i was hoping  but i kept it anyway. but after washing it  it is even more disappointing  not very soft and now kind of an odd length. hopefully it will grow on me  but wouldn't recommend it especially for the price.
Great denim color and fit. gives a nice feel to the waist.
This top isn't straight as it would seem on the "tucked-in" picture on the model. colros are really rpetty and neutral in eprson. fabric si very soft. i tried on the 0 but am wondering about trying on 00 or petite size...which i would have to order  so will wait a bit on this one.
This dress didn't work for me at all. i'm 6ft tall  160lb  i usually wear size l 8/10  but based on the reviews i ordered an m. the material of this dress is very soft and fuzzy  color is about the same as pictured  also length is appropriate. dress is very thick and warm  the fabric however has no stretch at all  dress is very specious and shapeless. there is allot of room everywhere except shoulders & sleeves  i thought that area was tight & snug which is strange because it runs large everywhe
I ordered a size 16 in the orange. it ran a size smaller than normal size 16 maeve tops. the quality of the material was terrible. it wrinkled and was also so thin that you need to wear a tank underneath. that messes with the look of the lace on the top. the color of the orange was gorgeous.
What a let down. the sweater i received in no way resembles the product pictured. based on the original price point  i envisioned a beautiful hand-knitted sweater made of high grade yarn/ wool that i could use for travel. instead  i received something that is grossly oversized for xs/s  made out of weird crafting yarn and looks like an ugly holiday sweater. my kids could make something better than this on their toy loom. not the quality i expected from retailer. back it goes.
I love how this sweater fits. i was reluctant to get it because i thought it would be boxy  but it's a perfect length  especially for a higher waisted pants or jeans. the fabric is super soft. i only gave it four stars because i thought it was going to be grey  but it's more like a marled black/white  80s-style color.
Retailer has done it again! i love this top. i purchased it for our engagement photos. i am typically a small or medium  and decided to size down for this one. i purchased a small and it fit perfectly! its not near as long as it is in the photo  which pleased me. i did read about busty ladies having a problem with the fit - and i can definitely see how that would be an issue.
This skirt looks and feels cheap  and the color is much more green than pictured. additionally  i comfortably wore a size 4 and then lost a few pounds  and this is still way too tight to be flattering.
I wore it belted with a close fitting cami beneath because the sweater is open down both sides. be creative and wear it different ways.
I have mixed feelings about this dress. the color is fantastic. not too bright  not too dark. the material is super soft and comfortable and the length was perfect. i did end up returning this item though as no matter which bra i chose  the straps showed. it just was not hitting my right on the shoulders. i do not like having my bra straps show or constantly be trying to tuck them away (especially at a wedding or work?). this is what ultimately led me to return the dress ? even though it is beau
The pattern is cute. it's a little more subtle than in the photos. the problems were the skirt are 1: pretty sure it will wrinkle in two seconds and 2: it has buttons down the front of it with no lining behind it. which means  if you sit down wearing this skirt and it doesn't lay quite right  it gaps and you can see whatever is or is not underneath! the buttons are like two inches apart  so it's not a tiny little gap. no thanks. also  this skirt fir true to size  it wasn't tight  just gappy.
Great jacket for a cool morning. not too heavy and i found it to run true to size. nice little details.
I got this sweater in navy and it is much cuter than online! it is a great transition sweater and also i can see it used on cool nights at the beach. i have worn in professional environment to work as well as with a tee and jeans. i love it!
I'm not sure i recommend this shirt but i did purchase the plum yesterday. i'm always always a m and had to size down to an xs on this one. that's how large it was! even the xs had plenty of room; i'm 5'6 145 lbs 36b for reference. the material look like it will stretch out even further but i got it anyway. it was on sale plus 25% off and for that price i can use it for casual days on the weekends. it's comfortable on and loved the lace detail.
On my screen this looked like burnt oranges were mixed with pink but this was all pink & very washed put pinks - looked awful on me as brunette. maybe will work for someone who likes pastels. overall style was also disappointing- just hung. this went back.
Love this dress. i'm wearing it as a bridesmaid in a fall  casual outdoor wedding. i think it's fancy enough and can also be dressed down later.     i'm 6' tall and skinny  with large breasts and this dress fits. beautiful! not too much cleavage. :)    it's not real lace but no one could tell. great quality and nice weight to dress. great for dancing and spinning!
Great idea  but this was not a flattering top on me. it almost worked  but ended up making me look like i am pregnant?not a look i am striving to achieve?it has potential and maybe others with a different body type may have success. ( i am curvy on bottom and have a long torso) for the price  it did not justify a place in my closet?
Thank goodness they had a special discount because i love this sweater. it is not normal for me to splurge but there was something about this sweater and it didn't disappoint. too cute. a great top to wear to a concert or a relaxed party. i love it.
I love the pattern and style of this top. it is a flattering cut  however  it was way too short. i am 5'6" and small usually fits me without issue. sadly enough i had to return it.
This tunic is super comfy and will look great with leggings or skinny jeans. i absolutely love the detailing on the sleeves. i am so glad i ordered this item!
I liked the idea of the diagonal color block but the fit of this tee was odd on me.  too tight around arms and way big and boxy around the mid-section.  going back.
When i first saw this too online i thought it was beautiful. i was right. when jt came in the mail  i really loved how the embroidery was intricate and detailed. the colors also popped making it a great shirt for spring  summer  or early fall.
Comfortable & the color was great. just as it looks in the picture. nice design
I see other reviewers are like me. we are wondering why antho has so many waistless  big  flowy tops! please! more tops with a defined waist! please!  i love this top. it's a gorgeous color and a lot of work to it  very retro antho  not just a t-shirt like so many are these days. to my delight  it runs large. i usually wear a 14 or 16  but the store had a 12 in the sale room  and not only did it fit  but i plan to have my seamstress taper the waistline and cut off the "wings" that flare off on t
I had the seafolly garden suit last year (same cut) and loved it. i decided the light blue color didn't look great on me so i decided to get this one. i found that the garden suit was cut smaller than this umbrella print one. right now i'm a 10 m and got the 12 in this  just like last time. i probably could've gotten the 10 but i'll keep the 12 for comfort. note: the leg holes are not tight and do not make upper thighs/butt squish out like you might imagine. try this suit!
Fit is oversized but intentional. flattering on. love the neckline. modesty might call for a tank top underneath if bending over. fabric is soft  stretchy and has a good quality heft to it.
This product looks great on the model  but for anyone with a normal body type  the band in the center is way too tight. i'm a 34a and wear a 27 pants and it was huge in the bust and too small in the waist and hips. the violet one looks much more blue in the photograph  it is truly lavender and purple. i really wanted to love this swimsuit  but instead i had to return it  pay for return shipping  and i am out about $20 now. very disappointed.
For reference  i'm 113 lbs  with a short torso so i was thrilled when i saw this jacket on-line. i was expecting a soft  comfortable and polished piece. i tried on a standard size xs and the color of the khaki is muted on line  it's a little darker in person and the finishings like zipper plackets are much lighter in contrast. also  it is a "mixed-media/material" type. for example  it's linen with soft leather accents  which also have varying tones on the inside of the collar  on the wrist area 
I like the color blocking of this top  but it was too large and billowy on the bottom. it felt like a pregnancy top so i had to return it as it gave me no shape.
These pants are elegant and chic. great for tall women. wearing to a yacht cruise  can't wait! would have loved to wait for the sale  but i had to have them and i am very pleased.
Per baily 44's usual  no visible lines  hits in all the right places  extremely flattering  washes well  all of it. fo this price especially you'd be fool to pass this little number up!
Very pleasantly surprised by this top! it's looser  but in a flowy not baggy way. i ordered the m. the  vee is just right on me  tasteful but just low enough. love the sleeve length  ordered thinking another black tee   but it's going to be well used and great for evenings.
I'm so sick of all workout tops being baggy. they look sloppy on my frame. this top is ultra soft and fits great! the black/white one looks more heathered grey in person. i ordered an xs as all tops lately are just huge on me. i should be a small and i will be returning for that proper size.
This shirt is such a pretty color i was so excited to get it... however i felt like the fit was not flattering. it sort of just hung on me. didn't do much for me. i actually ended up returning it.
I ordered these in teal and once they arrived  i bought another pair in gray. great for casual office wear or weekend errands. a bit of a stretch in the material and a true to size fit.
I ordered this sweater in the pink color in a small and xsmall  in order to see which was the best fit. i was really looking forward to getting it because it looked so great online - like it had a nice flow  the cute zipper and was a good match for a pink and grey skirt that i have. i was really disappointed  the sweater doesn't flow like it does in the picture - it kind of billows out in the front and back and isn't flattering. i have a small build  and  frankly  i usually look good in sweaters
Like the other reviewers  i opted for the grey version. almost every tunic dress i've tried winds up looking like a sack when it's on my body  so i was very pleased when this dress looked pretty great. the neckline is perfect - nice depth and addition of on-trend lacing - and the length (love the shirttail hemline) is also perfect. the drape of the material keeps it from looking like a shapeless bag. my only comment #and it's quite minor - i'd give this 4.5 stars if i could) is that the pockets
This top is too cute and shows just the right amount of skin without being overt. it can be worn on or off the shoulder and is just enough to cover a tummy without looking maternity. i can't wait for the warmer weather to get here and stay so i can wear this top more often!
Loved this top  but had to return it. the collar is gorgeous but terrible quality
I'm so disappointed with the fit of this top. it is extremely short  even for my 5'2 frame. sizing up will not fix the length. too bad  because the shirt is cute.
Another perfect maxi from retailer! the print is feminine and can be easily dressed up or dressed down. i ordered my normal size in maxis (medium) and the top fits nice and snug but not too tight. i am busty and the neckline is high enough that i don't feel like i am showing too much cleavage. it is a little long on me when i have flip flops on but with a little platform sandal it will be perfect.
I thought i would take a chance even though reviews suggested tricky sizing issues. unfortunately it's true  it was very tight at the waist and bust even though i sized up to a size 8. i took it back to the store.
Bought this based off the reviews here but this was a miss for me. the colors weren't as vibrant as pictured and the waist in this dress is huge. not flattering and it went back. i buy an retailer dress every week so i just exchanged this one for another one i loved. not hard to do at all
The photos shown here really do not do this bomber jacket justice! the colors of the embroidery are much deeper and richer in person! it is very well made  having no loose threads whatsoever. the retailer store where i bought mine featured this jacket over an ivory color lace blouse and it looked much more stunning than over the darker color that they show it here with. it does run true to size as the other reviewer mentioned too. i took my usual size large. i would say that if you're betwe
Sits slightly below waist  i bought size 30p  length is good no alteration required for petite height 5'4 and 136lb. material is good and i recommend them.
I love this crushed velvet dress in the rich blue color . i plan to wear it with short peep toe boots and also with ankle leggings and flats. so glad velvet is in this year!
This seems to be designed to fit a bit loose  but not in a bad way (for me). the floral pattern on the collar with the polka dots on the rest of the dress are very cute  and i think this can look good with or without a belt. light for summer but still covers a lot  which is nice for the office. the sleeves are a little short  but it doesn't look bad. glad i snatched it.
Wow the mixed reviews on this dress would make someone not get it at all. it is true to size. i'm a 6 and the six fit as a glove on me. the material is not at all stiff. i actually wished it was a bit more structured. but that didn't bother me. i was able to close the zipper by myself. i'm 5'7" 144lb 36a. the top feels confortable to me as well. i don't considered myself curve like jlo but i have hips. the dress does not make me feel bigger at all. the only down side is that it looks more expens
I absolutely love this sweater!! it's soft  easy to wash  and looks great!
I really want to love this dress  the style and colors are so nice and easy. i like the loose flowy feel of the dress. it runs a tad large  but that is part of the style. what bothers me is that the fabric and embroidery is very stiff and itchy  to the point where it is uncomfortable on my arms and body even though it is a loose fitting dress. also  it has lining which is nice for modesty  but with the stiff/itchy factor mixed with lining  it feels a bit cumbersome. i haven't decided if i will k
I usually like coats and wraps with high-waisted belts  but this way too high  and the fit was really unflattering. i can see it being chic on a tall  slender person  but it's definitely not right for my short  curvy body. returning it today.
Thin rayon material. see-through and unlined. size down as this runs large. for reference  i'm 5'4  124lbs size 26 in jeans. in retailer clothing  i wear sz small or size 4-6. i ordered this in small  but the body and shoulders are too wide and unflattering especially with the shorter length of this top. that is why sizing is key. i know it is meant to fit loosely  but you will have to order a size down otherwise you will look larger and the dark piping details on this top will not fall in the rig
These pants fit great  true to size  heavy enough to withstand winter  and the knees don't stretch out as some pants are prone to experiencing. the one problem is that the zipper is exposed on the inside of the pants so it tends to rub against my upper leg and can be quite uncomfortable. it's nothing wearing a pair of spanx couldn't take care of so i've kept them despite this design flaw.
I wanted to like this one.. really but it was just plain sloppy looking. i returned it.
I think this top is great. it does show cleavage. also  it's very romantic. i can't wait to wear it. if only the store had had the red and wine colors in stock too.
Loved the look of this shirt online. i tried it on and was sad to see that the frontal view is all wrong. the cool shoulder design is almost too exaggerated (almost looks as if i'm ready for take off!). unfortunately  none of the featured photos on the product page display the frontal view of the model. i really wish the shoulder design was slightly smaller in shape and size - i would have loved it! looks great from the side but sadly i can't walk around like that ;)
It is a pretty dress but runs large  i usually wear small and i ordered a regular xs because they are out of petite... it fits and since i am pregnant it works but it is a little large around the waist...  the lace is beautiful and the quality is amazing
I have been eyeing this dress for months and finally  a sale. the pattern is beautiful and is a great quality. the fit: it is a swing dress  so if you are a bigger girl  this may not be flattering; try a belt though. the high neck could be a bother for some-it does fit close to the neck  but not tight. also  size down...two sizes. i do usually a medium and i went with a petite small. finally  this dress can be worn in summer and winter. i do a belt and a blazer for office and a light sweater for
I purchased this dress in 4 colors...beautiful and so comfortable. highly recommend
I purchased the turquoise in a petite- xs. normally items at retailer run on the larger side and this shirt fit just right (i am 4ft 11inches and 100lbs). the material was a little on the lite side which makes a great summer fit  but it is a bit weak (so it can tear easily). it looks great with all types of skirts and jeans. i just wish retailer would sell more of the petite sizes. i went back in to buy more in other colors and they are sold out already!
Love this vest. fits very similar to the pilcro denim jacket. the fabric is softer  and not too heavy. the wash on mine is pretty close to the one in the picture  maybe half a shade darker. can see myself wearing this with summer maxi dresses  skirts  and pants  a very versatile piece that will go into fall. i usually take a 0/2 and the xs fit perfectly.
I so wanted to love this dress. i bought it in a size 4 and in both petite and regular  as i'm kind of in between and have a long torso and short legs. anyway  i'm 5'5" tall and 130 lbs. the regular fit my torso well  and length not was too bad. with heals it might have worked without hemming. here is where it all fell apart. while understand that only really expensive designer clothing can afford to seam a pattern perfectly  i felt that the dot seam in the front of the dress was in a bad place.
I absolutely love this top.....the color  style  fit..everything! i took another reviewers advice and sized down from my normal large to a medium. i have had so many compliments wearing this top. it is very feminine  flows nicely  hangs well. love the color. can't recommend this enough!
So  when i first found this dress it was already on sale and sold out in petites. for reference i am 5'2" and currently weighing in at about 108  and my bust is a 32d. the store near my work has a petite shop (thank goodness) so i headed there after my day. they didn't have it in my size but they did have the regular sizing in a 0  which i promptly purchased.  the crossed part sits a little higher than my natural waist  but i think for someone with a slightly smaller chest it would hit spot on.
I was not a fan of these leggings. these were very unflattering. i could see that after wearing these all day they could start stretch out. i just didn't feel like they would hold up for even one season.
Love the versatility of this dress. looks better in person!
Totally my style  i love how it hangs and is so soft and comfy. material is thin enough to be fairly lightweight  and i was worried about it being clingy -- so happy it's not! body skimming and very flattering for full bust (v-neck helps here) if like me you don't like tight chested clothing. also love the length of this top. i'm 5'4" and 36ddd  size l fits me just how i like it.
I thought this dress looked so cute and comfortable and was excited to try it on  and i was majorly disappointed. it was incredibly unflattering  in every way. as a few of the other reviewers mentioned  if you have any sort of bust the dress will not hang nicely  the waist band was too high up and made me look pregnant. i'm 5'2 and curvy and usually take a lg in retailer  but this...ewww! i will say the color and material are gorgeous  but i'm guessing this is the type of dress that would look bes
Man  this dress is the worst. i don't understand how it looks the way it does on the model. agree with previous reviewer - there must be a minimum of 200 pins pulling the waves and waves of extra fabric back. this dress looks so cute   but is so  so  so disappointing in person. sweater collar and cuffs - stiff and bulky. dress - billowy and sack-like - not sure how they got a belt to pull it all in. save yourself the return and do not get sucked in by the sale price and extra sale discount like
The light red color is so rich! i would describe it as a burnt coral/red. i love the length - long enough to pair with leggings  but not overwhelming in my 5'3" frame. one sleeve began to unravel the first time i wore it  but i was able to mend it easily and have had no trouble since. i think it was a flaw specific to my sweater and not s general indication if poor quality. hubby says this is his favorite sweater on me too!
With a skirt so vibrant  it's hard not to feel happy wearing it. i tried this on in store  following a spring fashion show. while i usually need petite sizes for length/proportion purposes (i'm 5'4  slender build)  the regular size 2 was a great fit and length. any shorter and it may have taken a bit of the elegance away from the skirt (and i don't necessarily mind a shorter length  but this was beautiful as it was). the price is a bit steep  but the quality of the material justifies it. the one
Love my mother jeans and these are super cute for spring! they fit tts. i'm 5'7 and i bought my normal 25.
I have several pairs of coh and love them all. when i saw these go on sale in my size i quickly purchased them. however  when i tried them on at home and looked in the mirror  i was pretty shocked that the back pockets were extremely long. meaning  they go well below your butt cheeks (like 3"# which means they look like they are sitting too low on your body-and they aren't they are actually i little higher waisted than most coh!     i thought perhaps it was my perception that day  so i waited an
Finally received this in the mail today and was very disappointed. i am swimming in the xs (5'4"  110lbs). the colors are much more vibrant that shown in the pics - the green is a bright kelly green  the red is much more red than rust colored  etc. and it's a sweater coat! for the price i was expecting it to be lined and higher quality. i don't doubt that it will be warm  but can't justify the price. it's going back to the store.
I really wanted this to work. for me the arm cutout was too wide. a cap or lace flutter sleeve would've worked . also expected a little more length felt like the petite length.
It's a casual dress with a luxurious feel. very flowy  but the back panel gives it a bit more structure. i like that it graces my body without showing any lumps. i will very much appreciate it on hot days! i'm anticipating a big of headache when ironing it  but i appreciate that it's not dry clean only. i'm on the shorter side of average height and it hits me mid-thigh.
This is the perfect grab and go t-shirt. i love the fun design as it takes a simple t-shirt and makes it fun. i originally ordered the small but it was way to big for me especially at the waist. the bottom half of this top is much looser and if you want to have a more fitted look  size down. very cute.
This top is very feminie  i love hte pelats and flower details. it can be  however  a bit boxy  i think if you have wider hips  i might avoid. great to go with skinny pants/ejans  though. could size down  if shoulders are not too wide...
This was huge on me! otherwise i thought it was a nice top  slimming. i didn't bother looking for another size  though. i got a medium. i wear a small or medium.
I love love love this print and had to have it when retailer had their 25% off sale. i think regular price is way too much for this dress as the dress isn't even silk or a better material. but once i got this i was so disappointed  i ordered my usual size and it was just a balloon/tent on me. i felt like i was wearing a maternity dress. plus the ruffle at the top which i thought was a sweet feature felt really awkward and like it was grazing my neck and chin in an annoying way. i don't even want t
I had to call so many stores to track this shirt down and in the end it wasn't worth it. i got an xs and it was quite baggy. i never buy petite shirts because i feel like they are too short but in this case i think the shirt would have been perfect in whatever the smallest petite size is. for someone who's bigger i'd definitely check this shirt out.
I have this tank in all colors...it is superb for layering...comfortable and i love that you can reverse it for a different neckline...and it's long enough!
Very pretty and has potential. only down side - i thought it was more like a cardigan with sleeves but it's really more of a shawl and the photos and descriptions are misleading
I tried this on in the store  but almost didn't because i thought it would look like a sack. the dress looks so good. it fits nicely in the shoulders which gives structure and then the rest of the dress is roomy  but no so much it looks stupid. im 5'5" and it hit above my knees by an inch or two.
This top is cute  light and summery. ordered a small...is a little short/boxy but otherwise fits true to size. great summer/warm weather top!
Kicky looking pants  that i got at a bargain basement steal. i'd be kicking myself if i didn't buy them. can't wait to wear them once it warms up. they'll look great with a lightweight  boxy sweater and flats. i tried on the 4 and the 2 and the 2 is perfect. the fabric has a nice  fluid feel to it. i always swore to my husband i'd never wear plaids  but i guess i lied.
I ordered size small and medium because i can go either way depending on brands. and both look great! there is no significant difference except medium fell about 1 inch longer. i am 5'4" and size small hem fell about 1" above knee. size medium felt tab bit more loose but i thought fabric may stretch a bit after wear so i'm keeping size small. what a beautiful dress! although the body of dress is jersey material  it is lined so there is good coverage. i tend to not like "faux leather" since they
This top has a lot of potential (comfortable  easy to wear) but it's cut too small in the area above the bust. i tried the top in small  medium and large (i usually wear s or m in retailer tops) and couldn't get that area to not look tight or like it was pulling. you can see it on the model  too -- that space right above the bra near the armhole. i think you'd need to order a size up to get that space to work but then the top will start to look too big on the bottom.   i tried the green in the sto
A few things: this runs very large. i'm usually a s/m (i'm a little busty so i sometimes size up!) and i'll definitely need an xs in this  i'm swimming in the small. the blue is definitely a steel blue/grey  not really navy. the material is very thin - i thought it would be a bit more substantial. it's very lightweight. that said  it's very pretty  i love the neckline which can be worn as a cowl neck or off the shoulder  and i'll give the xs a shot instead!
I bought this thinking it would be a great summer tunic  but it was really huge on me. i normally wear a medium but ordered down a size and it was still quite large. it was very long as well and i am 6' tall. i am normally a size 8  to give you an idea. i would recommend it  but it is going back for me.
The fabric is flimsy and not substantial. i thought it ran a little small. i usually wear a large in this style  but it was too tight.
This was exactly what i was looking for: a spring dress i could wear while it was still cool out. loved the colors  pattern  and the fact that it could hide a belly bulge. but i got it in a petite small  and i was swimming in it. i got it in an xs  and the body of it was just right  but the bust was so tight i nearly ripped it trying to climb out (and i'm a barely an a cup). i don't normally have this problem with dresses  but in this case the top and bottom half of the dress felt like they were
I ordered this top in a 14  my usual size  and it fits fine  but it is way too short-waisted! it looks nothing like what the model is wearing. her top comes low on her waist  almost to her crotch area. mine was just about 2 inches below my belly button! it was almost as if they accidentally cut off the lower half of the top at the factory! very strange.
I love the fabric and pattern of this dress so much that i decided to keep it (got it on mega sale)  but i would have never paid full price or anything close. the armholes are enormous  showing bra and all. i am not particularly large chested (34c)  and the buttons are stretched to gaping on me  even with the huge armholes. i have a cute red sweater coat that i will wear over it all fall  but i could not recommend it because of the poor cut design.  pros: great pattern  fabric  pockets  true to
I loved the look of this shirt but full price was a little steep so i waited for it to go on sale and am glad i waited because only a l was left and it was perfect fit since i originally was thinkng of getting a small or medium which i usually do at retailer but this one was running really small compared to retailer other shirts. the fabric is great but when i looked at it carefully  the zipper construction is sewn poorly as well as the sewing at the buttons area...also  there were a lot of thread h
I liked these as soon as i saw them. the are very comfortable and the fit is great. well constructed and the material is soft but thicker.. easily worn into the cooler days. i am so happy i made this purchase!
I wanted these jeans so badly! i originally ordered them in my regular size -a 27. they were too big even for a tomboy fit  so i ordered a 26. the size 26 order was backordered and then cancelled. i am so sad! i would absolutely buy these if i could get them in my size. they are so soft and beautiful. i love ag's quality.
I was so looking forward to wearing these pants on an upcoming trip. i already had my outfits planned! when these pants arrived  however  they were very different from those shown in the pictures online. firstly  the pants are  in actuality  quite cropped. i am 5'9-- the model in the pictures is at least that height  if not taller-- and the hems were several inches above my ankles. secondly  the pants appear to be an even wider cut than what's shown  although the width of the pant legs may have
Do not buy this dress for full price. the design looks great but after receiving the dress  the material is made of extremely cheap slinky-ish polyester that you would find at a f21 store. the stitching is horrific and created an uneven "hump" on the back seam. just absolutely poor poor quality.
This dress is so cute in the photo and fit true to size  but the material is slinky and felt cheap. the stitching was also poor quality. i am so thankful that retailer will let us order a batch  try on and return in store...this went back.
This dress is everything i hoped it would be: flattering  cute  cozy
After seeing this dress online and noticing how quickly it sold out  i was curious about it  but thought i was out of luck. it just so happened that i ran into the store and they had one returned in my size. i tried it and wasn't sold. however  i loved the color. it was snug across the shoulders and arms. the rest was somewhat flowy  but boxy at the same time. i ended up bringing it home to think on it. after trying it on again  i realized the snugness across the shoulder really caused the top t
I ordered this top in white along with the meadow rue lace sleeve top. while they are the same price  they aren't even close in quality. this top is one of the sheerest tops that i have seen. the trim  pocket and the lace-up tie are made from sheer type material that was twisted and didn't lay right  and the tag sewn inside  was sewn with red thread and showed through  very visible. i don' t think it would hold up after many washes. i returned this one and ordered another color in the lace sleev
These pants are so comfy i'm getting a second pair. i ordered the olive color in a small/reg  im thinking of ordering the xs next time since they do stretch out a great deal as the day goes on. would definitely recommend these for sure. hope this review is helpful as i struggled with ordering petite or not. glad i didn't!
The cotton  the print  and the online presentation of this dress are beautiful  i ordered right away! but there are some discrepancies. the shoulders have a "puff" to them that i don't notice on the model  and that doesn't flatter athletic shoulders. the buttons are (cheap) difficult to button. the waist sits much lower on the model than it must on anyone else  it's nearly empire on me. and  there is a lot more volume in the skirt of the dress than is shown in any photo. because the dress is tig
This blouse drapes nicely. the 8 in the store was too big which is not what i usually find with maeve. i wear a 6 or small in most blouses. i ordered the 6 and it was still too big  so i hope the 4 will work.
The pattern of this skirt is adorable and looks better in person but the fabric isnt the best. it feels like an elastic fabric and is way to volumous. overall not my favorite.
I'd give this dress 6 stars if i could  it's possibly the best dress i've bought at retailer in 12 years of shopping there.  the fit is fantastic with the ruching around the waist adding camouflage  for anyone with a bit of a tummy. the cross back stamps hide a bra effortlessly (even those wide supportive bra straps that larger cupped women need to wear)  the mature rial is soft and silky to the touch  the fit is true to size  the pattern is bohemian and elegant -- not hippy dippy at all. i'm 5'6"
I would give this top a 4.5. it is a very pretty top  i love the embroidery  but runs a little short for my taste. it still meets past the top of my pants  but barely. this is why i didn't give this top a 5. i am 5'9" so i think for a petite person the length would be perfect.
I bought these cords in another color last year and they are my favorite pants. they are so comfy and keep their shape very well. when i saw they were back i had to buy another pair. i purchased navy and the color is beautiful.
This caught my eye straight away and it hasn't disappointed on either. really unique and i imagine it will suit many different occasions. high quality and slimming vertical stripes too.
This blouse is perfect in so many ways: it's cotton  the fit is super flattering  the design is gorgeous. i never  and i mean never  wear red  but i made an exception here due to the exceptionally stunning embroidery. i know this will be comfortable this summer; the fit is slightly loose  so the air can flow. the cotton is light but not thin  no cami needed. a medium size fits me very well; i am size 8/medium top  34f  130#. i love that the armholes are high and hide any flaws. the button design
The detail on the fabric of this blouse is beautiful and unique  especially the peachy/pink and orange detailing which is hard to see in the picture. the fabric and seam are quite delicate though so it just needs to be worn and handled with care. fits true to size. 5'5"  135lbs  34c and the small is perfect.
I would have loved this top if it were the length pictured on the model  but it was a cropped length on me :(
This coat is very nice. it's soft and the colors are great. the only reason i gave it a 4 stars and not 5 is that it runs huge! i normally wear a size small to medium in tops and i like a bit of moving room in my coats so i ordered a medium. when i put it on i just started laughing. it was so huge. i wanted to exchange it for an xs to see if that would have been small enough but it has already sold out in that size. i think this could be a big win for larger sizes but unfortunately for me it did
I ordered the navy in an xl although am generally a medium or large in tops. i sized up because it looked fitted and i think it was a good choice for me. it fits just like the model but the back droops a bit and the neck is wider. my bra is still covered in the back.  it fits perfectly in the waist and the elastic allows for some adjustment in placement. there's 2 layers of ruffles in the skirt portion. i'm 66 and was concerned it would be too young looking but i love the look. it hits about an
Really wanted to love  the top was very flattering and loved the material: very swingy and forgiving. but way to much material  i was drowning in it. sized down to x small but no go.
Super soft shorts. i ordered them in the orange and it's a lovely soft orange. they aren't too short  about mid thigh. i found the 27 to be a little loose on the waist but i was afraid to compromise the length for a size 26. i may order the navy in 26.
This top is cute for fall. it is a gauzy material and so it's not too warm . it's longer in the back for coverage . fits true to size .
Awesome top. slightly cropped. great to dress up jeans or wear with pants or skirt for evening out.
An odd top.  for my curvy figure (34g)  the seam did not enhance  but rather made me look wider.  the material is...interesting. foam-like is all i can think to describe it. the fabric and design are not as elegant looking in person.
I was not a fan. cute design but the sweater was not soft it felt thick like a weird blanket. the arms were small and the body was big... odd combo. the material didn't make me want to put it on. it went back.
Ordered this online in the pinkish color. the material is a little thin. as a busty  curvy lady this one just didn't sit right  ran a tad large  and looked boxy. if you have a thinner frame  may be a better look for you. detailing is nice.
This top is so good i bought every. single. color. i sized up for more flow but it does run true to size. this is that sweet little summer top that we all long for!
Just got this skirt in the mail and i am so happy i took a chance and ordered it! my waist is a lot smaller than my hips so skirts can be a challenge! but this one fit me perfectly! it is casual but i can also see myself wearing this to work in the summer months. it is super flattering and very comfortable! the fabric is soft and it does have some give. i am usually a size 30 in pilcro chinos and the size 10 in this skirt fit me perfectly. so i would say it runs true to size. a great addition to
Love this top   although it ran very small in bust and arms   i'm normally a medium will have to return for a large!
This jacket was too wide and the length in the arms too short. i wear a medium in almost any article of clothing and felt like i was swimming in a short little jacket. the ratio of how wide it is to the length is not for me but might work well with other body types. the arms were definitely too short.
I tried this dress at the store and it made me look 10 years older. the fit was tts but a bit odd around the waist. i am 5'4" and 160 lbs and tried a small.
I returned this item. it was soft. very blah fabric. nothing special.
Honestly  the sweater is really beautiful...i usually buy a small in retailer tops  and this seemed to run on the smaller side. it&#39;s pretty short  but the issue i have is that the sleeves are much shorter in person than on the models in the pictures. it looks like i&#39;m wearing a 3/4 sleeve shirt. still deciding if i&#39;m going to keep it  because it is really a lovely top.
Super simple top that's comfy. i like a looser fit and its boxy- both things i like. seems like it will be a staple piece.
I have been lusting after this dress and though tit would be great for thanksgiving. the fit for me  however  is totally wrong. for reference  i'm 32dd  5'8"  140 lbs  and am a s or 4. the small fit well in the body area but felt a little small in my upper arms. the arm length was more of a 3/4 sleeve on me which looked terrible because the sleeves are baggy. the quality felt like it was lacking  too. the material felt like it would pill easily. order with caution.
I loved this dress. it runs small (i'm normally a 2) so i had to get a 4. in the fitting room  the zippers got stuck a lot. i assumed it was just from the way the waist was sewn in. finally i found a dress that would zip pretty well.     i went to put on this dress for my rehearsal dinner the night before my wedding. my fiance and i tried in vain for 20 minutes to try to zip it up... and then it broke. the part that was zipped became unzipped and the zipper had no where to go. it was awful. i co
I love this summery blouse. it sits at high hip  so no tucking in! the sleeves are fluttery and flattering to the arm. i own this same pattern in a knit  and like it so much i got the woven when i saw it. the only downsides are that it has to be ironed and it the sleeves are too big to layer under a sweater.
I got the blue print and i love it. easy to match with any bottom really. i like that it can be made strapless.
These are a wonderful trouser style pant. i love fitted than flared denim so this fit isn't my top pick but it's a cute style! thick quality denim fabric with a medium rise cut.
This dress is very soft and ultra comfortable. i got a size 10 and probably could have gotten away with an 8 but due to being busty on top stuck with the 10. i love the length  even though i got the regular and not the petite.
I bought this dress on sale and it is perfect! i wish that i would've invested sooner and picked it up in a number of different colors. the cut is amazing and the cutout on the back is sexy without exposing too much skin.
I usually follow the boho look  and this dress appealed to me immediately and it was in the color i wanted black. so excited to receive this as i knew i could wear it both as a dress and a tunic but that was not to be. the outfit consists of 2 elements: a tight fitting slip that fits awkwardly and does not give enough room in the bust nor waist areas  and an overlay dress that is really quite pretty. but it too was too tight across the bust area which made the entire upper torso ill fitting. i n
I desperately wanted this to work - it's a beautiful color and overall quality...it is just so short and wide (almost a perfect square if you lay it out flat). i can see it looking better on someone on the shorter side  but on my 5'7" frame and long torso it just didn't look right. few extra inches and this could have been awesome!
I&#39;m taller (5&#39;8)  so it&#39;s not uncommon for things to be too short on me  but this was really short for the style.  it was very wide and loose all over in my usual size - both up top and in the wavy part below.  the style really just did not work with the length.  it looked very odd.
I saw this dress online and purchased to see how it felt on. i love the material and its quality. it did run a little big  i usually wear a medium in most retailer clothing  but sized down per other reviews. the dress is beautiful and look forward to wearing through fall and winter but just wish it tapered a little more from the waist down.
Had a feeling when i saw this that it would be a great top. love the way the elasticized neck hugs tightly and has two little back buttons. the beading is elegant and subtle. the body flows nicely  not overly billowy. definitely true to size. interesting ocher color; a yellowy-green. this is one to own.
I stalked this when it went out of stock for a few weeks and was so excited when it came back in stock. but when it arrived  it just didn't look as good. it's very oversized. and it's itchy and kind of synthetic-looking. i felt like it added bulk when i tried it on. the collar also didn't fold gently like it does in the pictures. returned it!
Bought this for the beautiful fabric and easy fit which it has. fits nicely through the shoulder area and is a little on the baggy side in the legs but the draping fabric makes up for that. i bought it in petite small and it is definitely long enough for a dress.
Just picked this up in my retailer store and i love it. i bought the orange print and the colors are vibrant and perfect for summer. i am 5'5" and  140 lbs. i took a small which is my usual size at retailer. could be worn unbuttoned as a sleeveless cardi over a tank. i will wear a cami underneath as it is sheer  but that doesn't bother me. another shopper was trying this on in the fitting room and it looked great on both of us. i will wear this all summer long. looks great with denim. happy find!
I was so looking forward to an awesome maxi dress.  this was not it.  completely see through.  i guess you could wear it as a bathing suit cover up.  but be prepared to knot the length or you will trip.  its an odd design. absolutely not worth the price.  i purchased the sm/md and i could have for two of me in the dress. returned this piece without looking back
I love the design of this sweater...shorter length  with shorter sleeves. goes great with jeans and has a very different look!
Embroidered tulips look like they were plucked when comparing the dresses in the product photos. took a chance any way  came out disappointed because i couldn't zip up the bodice. i hate side zips and when you pair a cheap zipper with delicate material  recipe for disaster! i am top and back heavy so though i lost weight and went down a cup size  my back is too wide for the 12p. for reference i'm 135# 36d 38/28/35.
I purchased this to wear on the same day. it did have a strong smell ! i tried airing but didn't help much so didn't wear. tags are cut so will probably give a try after washing (by hand  my fault for not checking this part). it is a bit over my price range for a casual top  so hoping i'll end up loving it!
This top is gorgeous in person! i'm in love with it! it's perfect for the holiday season. it runs a little big and long so i suggest going down a size for a more tailored fit.
Pretty and with pockets! also  nice quality for the price. interesting texture.
I love the fit of these pants. i bought them in several colors  but unfortunately when i laundered the teal blue pair  the places where the liquid detergent touched them (not bleach  detergent) look like they've touched bleach. i washed them in cold with regular detergent but will be unable to wear them after one wear. i was confused and even checked the detergent to make sure it did not have bleach in it  and it does not. very disappointing and i hope this is not true of the dye in the other co
I love the look and fabric of this skirt. it also falls at a very nice  flattering length around the knee. what did not work for me was the waist. the stretchy waist looked cheap  and i do not have a flat stomach  so it made me look like i have a muffin top! i bet it would look great if you have a flat stomach.
Alas  i so wanted to love this. the photos of the models wearing it look gorgeous -- flowy  drapey  ultimate grecian goddess. but it just doesn't work unless you're super-skinny. too much material. almost bulky; strange looking. the print is so beautiful -- i love the pink floral  and i love the whole idea of the dress. but it just doesn't work. have to send it back.     (i'm 5'6"  135 pounds  38-30-38  and i ordered a 10.)
I like the colors  material and style of this sweater but not a fan of the sizing.  the xs/s was far too short for me and the m/l was great in length but had a tremendous amount of extra volume.  i am 5'/6" size 8.
Lovely dress. i did send it back only because the length was below my knee and i prefer slightly above the knee.
Love this dress and its versatility! great design concept. fabric is pretty soft  cozy  and warm  as well. i found the dress to run large. i ordered a medium in the gray and small in the rose. i did like both colors irl  but the size small was the best fit. for reference  i'm 5'6"  135 lbs  and wear a 6. the size small hit just above my knees and the sleeves reached down to my knuckles. i wore this around the house for awhile and realized that while the knit was nice and tight when i first put i
These are such beautiful cheerful shorts. the floral motif just makes me smile. they do have brocade on them which is nice and dressy. they are perfect for a night out or a day at the beach. i went tts on them. i purchased similar shorts last year in the brown color. very nice shorts to have in your wardrobe..
This will be a frequently worn item. print is beautiful and the fit is comfy and classy.
I love this shirt. i ordered a large because i am taller  and i wanted the length to be right. while it's a little baggy  it's still very flattering and i've received lots of compliments on it. the color is exactly what is show in the image. it's a versatile shirt; depending on what you pair it with it can be appropriate for work  dinner  or a night out. i'd definitely recommend this shirt to a friend.
I went on a wild goose chase for these jeans  as they were sold out all around the country. i finally got the last pair from some store in the midwest! they are my favorite pair of jeans  they fit very well. however  for the price  they should not get loose and baggy after 1-2 wears. i hate that they need to be washed and dried so often so that they will fit properly. expensive jeans should not sag. i have abercrombie jeggings for a fraction of the price that never get loose  even after 20 wears
I'm 5'0 and 114 pounds and got the small petite. i have broad shoulders and am slim hipped. i no longer have a waistline  thanks to having given birth  but this dress really hid that. it gave me a figure! the ruching is super flattering and the material has enough support (with stretch!) to hide any unsightly rolls.  so why did i return it? i did  after all  get many compliments from females while trying it on. they loved the color on my pale olive complexion (i'm filipino with -ahem- blond hair
I ordered the xs p and xxs p in the black one. i thought this would be a fairly classic piece to wear any season (cold offices in the summer  southern california in the winter). the xxs p was a bit better fitted  not too small  but the xs p was ok too  if you prefer a baggier look  so based on that i call it large as i would usually purchase the xs p not xxsp. (115 lbs  30 dd  26.5in waist  muscular arms)    the material is airy and light  but i am a little worried about wrinkling  we shall see.
Very chic version of a turtleneck/tunic. material more substantial than i expected. ultimately it wasn't really flattering on my body type but otherwise i would absolutely recommend.
It definitely smells like vinegar but it went away after a few hours. i don't think its itchy. its kind of baggy and kind of has an ombrã© look to it fading down to darker. it looks casual in the pic but i can wear it out at night with cute earrings
Great fit  looks excellent with jeans as well as tucked in with a pencil skirt.
The shirt looks a lot less fitted on the model in the picture than how it fit in "real" life. size was not wrong  the material was just very clingy. i was not impressed and subsequently returned it.
This is a very slimming  well-made  nice fitting top-i just disliked the colors. they did not look good on me. otherwise this is a very nice piece!
Like many of the other reviewers  i thought this ran a little big. i am a 5'5"  110lb pear and xs was perfect - i also ordered the small to be sure. it is not quite as close to the body as the picture. the color is gorgeous and saturated. it hits me mid thigh in a good way. the fabric is crepe on the outside and silky on the inside and it has a beautiful  high quality drapey-ness. it is unlined but not see through. it arrived wrinkled and sad  but a warm dry iron really brought out how gorgeous
This is a really unique floreat top. unfortunately the petite sizes sold out so i went with an xs. this was too big?too wide in the shoulders and chest  all around actually. my other issue is that it's a heavy material. i just feel like if i was wearing it around all day  i might burn up in it. it did not feel like it was breathable. and finally  i'm 5'2"?even the xs was too long in the back.     i could see how this could look really cool on the right person?i'm just not that person to pull it
This top works very well with a white or green cardigan for work. the color is more green than in the photo and it is wider on the bottom. it hides a non-flat stomach very well without looking matronly. i ordered a small petite  but i am heavy on top so i did not find the armhole problem that the other reviewer had. my only con is that i don't love the high-low thing that every retailer top seems to have these days  but i can live with it.
I opened these when i got them yesterday and immediately tried them on. the knees were totally stretched out and due to the panel at the knee  it looked like i had growths popping out between my legs at my knees. someone had received these before me and sent them back after they tried them on or wore them then returned them. they were obviously too small for whoever did that. these never should have been resent to another customer. they are obviously very misshapen. they are going back. on a bet
The red of the cape is a deep garnet. really pretty with the beige lining. it's loose enough that it feels and flows differently than a sweater. the boiled wool isn't itchy but keeps you warm on a fall day. the one snap lets you easily take it on and off. i'm 5'5" and 125lbs. the xs fit perfectly without being too tight. i've gotten a lot of compliments on it.
Got for a mother  day gift.  think  she will like it because she always at the beach and is very happy go lucky new mother.
I thought this top would be a little more form fitting than it is. there is so much extra fabric near the bottom it is almost like a swing style top. the fabric will most definitely snag  as it is not a linen or cotton top material but rather a silky type and also very thin - not very good quality. i got the smallest size possible and it was absolutely huge  everywhere but the neck.
This dress is really gorgeous  really fun and beautifully made. i'm typically an 8petite (140lbs  5'4"  34dd) so i got this in an 8 and it was huge on me. there was so much extra room in the chest and the back and it was much too long for me. even if i sized down  it feels a little age inappropriate for me. i'm 21  and it felt very conservative and unflattering.  i think this dress is excellent  just not for me.
I love the unique design! the details are wonderful. it runs a bit large but it works. a great piece.
This shirt is nothing like the online pictures. it's a stunner in person. ended up with the black one though i was torn between it and the white. i would agree with some other reviewers that it has little to no give across the chest so i bought a l due to broad shoulders. the m fit like a glove and i was afraid it might tear if i raised arms or reached for something. not sure if a large busted girl would be comfortable. though i sized up  it didn't affect the way it hangs and it hangs beautifull
This dress would have been perfect in a medium petite. beautiful dress  wish i had sized down
Like other reviewers  i saw this dress on the cover of the catalog and knew i had to have it! well  i am very disappointed. the colors aren't as rich as the outdoor photo  although they're brighter than shown in the studio photos. this is just not a flattering dress. i've put it on three times and taken it back off. the neck is too high  the sleeves are too narrow (and i have really skinny arms)  and there's no "swing" to it. i am 5'4" and weigh 120 pounds and bought a size small  which is what
This is theoretically a great summer top addition to your wardrobe. i love the floral print - it's bold and lively primary colors on a black background. i'm usually a size small in retailer tops and neither the small nor the medium fit me very well. the small was a bit too fitted everywhere and strangely  the medium gapes at the front when i'm sitting but not standing (i'm 34b otherwise height-weight proportionate with broad shoulders). another reviewer mentioned a design flaw - the floral print i
I was uncertain about purchasing this dress. wow so glad that i did. i'm 5'5" and 138lbs. i can wear a small or medium so i ordered both. the small was plenty big enough. wore it to a family event and received numerous compliments. so different from anything else and classy with the longer length. thanks for a great dress! i hope that it cleans well!
This color is perfect: deep and rich. it is exactly as it looks on-line. the velvet is super-soft on the outside  while the inside is more of a woven finish. it makes it a little less cozy  but the drape is great. the fit is slim across the shoulders and chest  and full everywhere else. the waist is lower in the back than the front  so it sits lower on the hip. i'm 5'4  140  34b  and i got a small petite  because i liked where it hit my waist better. this means i won't be wearing it without tigh
I love everything about this jacket so much that i had to buy three colors (grey/rust/teal). not only is it figure flattering  it's warm  water repellent  easily layered and well made. the little pop of color contrast added to the stripe seam makes it unique. i would say sizing is tts to a bit large. the only thing that would improve the coat is better finishing of the hems.
I'm. 5'2 and based on other reviewer's input  i went with a regular rather than petite and the length works well. the top is cute  but it billows out around the waist which isn't apparent on the model. other reviews mentioned that so i bought it anyway with that information and it's fine if you expect that. i'm a 34dd and find it to be a bit tight in the bust.
This is a beautiful cardigan. its effortless  lightweight  with some cool detail to keep that low key look extra stylish. the moss color is very subtle with a small lined print. i wanted to love this...the detail  the length  the weight and the color are all so dreamy...but for me  the arms were super tight. normally i'm a l or xl in all retailer tops and sweaters...and i do have larger arms which is always a struggle for me when shopping. i couldn't even get the cardigan on my arms. there is no s
I love everything about this dress! i love the colors - style and fit. it is so comfortable. i had so many people ask where i got it.   i usually wear an xs or s in retailerpolgy dresses and i got this in an xs and it was perfect.
If you can get over the fact that this skirt feels (and looks awfully similar to) the exact same fabric your drugstore halloween costumes had when you were a little kid... then  it's surprisingly fun to wear.
I like how this jacket is very versatile. you can wear it to work  or play. it does have interesting detail on it  i kept it based on the price and those details. i have the olive color. the arms are a little tight.
While the cut  drape  and shape of this dress are very attractive  seeing the fabric in person was disappointing to me. it's clearly well-made and there are abundant high-quality details. however  the combination of a large-ish pattern and the wrinkly  thin cotton still felt kind of limp and cheap. i sent it back.
I love holding horses and i am always be size 2 in their clothes (32dd  5'3"  curvy). i ran into my local retailer to grab a shirt they had on hold and had to try this on because it's so cute. i couldn't get the 2 zipped and it seemed to be rather narrow in the torso. such a bummer!
It's a very light material  so you can wear it early spring or early fall when it's still fairly warm. such a cute jacket  has no zipper or buttons though  so definitely more for style/look than for a crazy rainy day use! love it!
I love sweater dresses and was excited to find a dress that would be long enough for me to feel comfortable in. i am petite  but at my age i am not comfortable in things that fall more than an inch or two above my knee. this dress is much shorter than stated  and much shorter than it looks on the model. i measured the petite xxs (my normal size) and it is 31" from the shoulder seam to the hem  not 36" as stated. five inches is a big discrepancy. the color and style were lovely  but i just can't
I love good  flowy blouses and like the over sized look  but this one didn't wow me. i thought the quality was just ok. it didn't flatter me. i almost liked it  but i didn't. i'm glad i tried it on  because looking at the pics online i thought i'd like it way more than i did. just not great.
It must be hard to photograph white clothing. this lovely top is almost invisible in the featured photo  but it is accurately photographed in the extra photo with the model in a jacket. this will feel and look great with cardigans or cropped  stylish jackets. i'm so glad i ordered this lovely  white  lacey top  and i do recommend it to you. i only dinged it one star because it would be even better in cotton and silk  which are frequent tiny brand materials. i went with the size large  as this be
First  the good: i like the basic shape of the jacket  with its crisply cut lapels  and rounded corners at the bottom...the functional pockets (including the  cool watch pocket)  the size of the buttons  the color. i got the honey   and it was lovely and intense . now  the bad:  i got the regular 8. the jacket is at least an inch too short. although it's  a small  tight 8  the sleeves are strikingly too long. they would have to  be folded  and the lining which would show is not that attractive.
I waited three months for these pants. when they finally arrived  i was mostly pleased. they seemed like the staple pant everyone is raving about. and they should have been.  problem one: they bag out. i got one wear out of them before i needed to wash and hang to dry (regained shape then).  problem two: the crotch split! in the front! i'm a teacher. i sincerely hope no one noticed! i read other reviews about this problem and don't know if i got a bad batch or if a similar fate is awaiting other
This is a stunning  flattering  well-designed and sized  magnificent  and yet wearable  comfortable summer blouse! i am a busty  34f  size 8  and this lovely piece makes me look amazing. i most highly recommend to any woman. the 100% cotton body has a very soft feeling and a little bit of "give". i experienced no pulling at the chest or back  which can happen for me. the bottom 2" of the crochet v is backed by the body of the top  so you may not need a cami. the combination of leaf print/crochet
I returned this as it was way too boxy/loose. ordered a size small but probably needed to size down.
I love this shirt. i bought it in both black and white and i get compliments every time i wear it. i totally recommend this top! it's a great material and easy to wear with a lot of different bottoms.
This is as pretty in person as it is online  good quality (except one item i'll get to)  and fits true to size. i'm 5'6"  normally a medium/8  and the medium fit great in this top.  i almost kept this shirt...so close  i had it on a hanger  but i kept trying it on. the shirt is well displayed in the pics online  but unless you get close it's hard to see that the top button is set a little wide. every time i put it on  my eyes went to the top button (i did get a second opinion and they agreed)...
What a shame this dress is. i wear xl and am 5'2"  but the dress in the store in the size xs(!!!!!) looked just the right size. yup! xs was just the right size. i can't imagine anyone who wears m or s finding this dress fit flattering. it would look like a sack. it is an inch or two too short in the front for me  so i'll be returning it.
The only problem with this top is that it only comes in two colors.  this is a lightweight easy to wear top that surprises you with the cute design details.  it will be easy to wear in the heat of my hometown.  i don't think it is too thin and i won't need to add a camisole.  i am 5'2" and weigh 120 and i got a small.  perfect.
This is an understated elegant denim dress. the fabric color is just the right fade and thickness (not too thin and not too thick) which is appropriate for most occasions. it?s very soft and can get a bit wrinkly but nothing major. my local retailer has only the regular size and it's true to size  size 6 (my usual size for holding horses brand) fit well around the bust and waist area (i?m 34b  26 waist  36 hips; busty gals may want to size up). this dress shows cleavage so if you?re conscious like
I was so excited to receive this romper. it's a great material  but it's actually a bit drab. the colors are very bland and the flowers just hang. it's not flattering as it is very roomy.
I wanted to love this  as it seemed like a fun and carefree take on a little black dress.    but how did i not see that this has tassels? but they're there  a whole row of them - look hear the bottom of the skirt part  between the colorful stripes and the lacy area. that's a deal breaker for me - i really can't stand the way these look  and they're not the sort of thing you can easily remove.    the fabric  though nice quality  has no stretch at all. i wasn't expecting stretch  but i'd just say
I bought this dress on a whim.  i am so glad i did!  got it in black.  it is stunning and comfortable
I love anything orange- when i saw this coat online  i ordered it as i loved all the features. the features of the coat are fun- however the coat came all bunched up in the package. i let it hang for a couple of days but the wrinkles were awful and even steaming and an iron would not take the creases away. i tried the coat on - the buckles were poorly made. i ended up returning this jacket.
This dress is a potato sack! from the picture i thought it was going to be a cute drop waist dress but the tailoring is so weird!! and it's huge on me  so maybe it would be better if i sized down but again based on the tailoring i think not. also the fabric is strange  not at all what i expected. i'm so sad :( i was really excited about this dress.
I have to admit  seeing these tops online  i wouldn't give them a second glance  but at my local store they were displayed in a gorgeous summery fashion and were so light and airy and flowy (my summer checklist!) i bought both the blue and rust color in an xl. i am a 16/xl/36h and this is one of the few button up shirts that actually fit! i think i might go in and add a snap between the bust line anyway since the buttons are spaced too generously  but there is no pulling. this top does run long 
This top is really cute and i love the design. however  the first time i wore it  the waste band started unraveling.
Sometimes i order things online that i can hardly wait to arrive  and then once they do  i wonder if i made a mistake when ordering it. this is one of those times  and it was not my mistake. the shirt i received is not like this one. it is an xs  but it is quite large falling inches below where this one hits on the model. everyone i have shown the shirt to says that it is a denim blue color  not grey at all. it is a pretty color  but not what i thought i was ordering. i hate it when this happens
Okay  so this top has its redeeming qualities  i promise! which is why i gave it 3 stars when i really wanted to give it two. but it's just not worth 2 because i'm sure it works for some people and the quality is just impeccable. for people who purchase this  it will last forever. it's sturdy cotton  not thin like many retailer tee materials. the lace detail and texture is on point and the neckline is very nice. it's a great looking top. my issue though  wasn't with the bust as other reviewers hav
I would give it a 3.5 if half star possible. like other reviews said  the material is a little cheap and back zip got stuck when i tried to unzip it before trying it on. overall  nice color and flattering look that could be dress up or down. i am 5'8"  155lbs  36b and m is a little snug for me on the top.
I wanted this skirt to work! it is soft  comfortable  and cute! unfortunately  it runs to short.  i am 5'8" and would not be able to pull it off at work. i ordered a bigger size and it still didn't work.
This sweater is so cute!!! i intend to wear it as much as possible. the little elbow patches are a cute detail. it's warm but classy.
The color  heft  style & quality are perfect. i did go down one size since my usual size was too large in the waist.
I wore this tee under a comfy cardigan on a flight to denver. i received several compliments.
Beautiful sweater coat! love that is easy to pop on & head out. i did have to go to a seamstress and have the button moved as it was to large and boxy around my waist area.
The picture makes it looks like it has rich brown yellow and orange colors. when it came  it was more black with some orange that popped. much different then i expected. the material was nice and silky but i was not willing to keep something that was dry clean only. i sent it back.
I love this top! the unique neck detail is awesome! i dress it up; i dress it casual. works for every adventure. more!!!
This has such awful proportions. i'm 5'0 and 100 lbs  ordered xxs petite (in the neutral color). the seam at the bust literally hits in the middle of my bust!! it looks very unflattering  and it's very pronounced. i'm only 5'0 and already the seam hits at such a high point on me. below the seam the sweater is all scrunched up where it's sewed  and it balloons outward and is very square from there down. very shapeless sweater and not flattering at all unless you have your arms by your sides to hi
Cute skort but seems to run big. it's also sort of long for shorts (the model must have much longer legs than me). i may try a size smaller since i love the print but i'm not optimistic.
Amazing pants! i saw them at my local retailer and knew they would be great addition to my wardrobe (in-person is even better than photo!). they are flattering and i love that the pattern lends itself to many options...could be an ivory sweater or blouse or perhaps a mustard jacket...so much fun! i am 135 lbs  5'7" and went with the 6.
After reading the other reviewers i decided to try this out. unfortunately  the material does not fall nicely on me and the belt hits in an unflattering spot. i like the idea but it's just not a flattering cut or material. going back!
They are beautiful in person  until you put the on. the fit was a bit weird; tighter in the waist  roomy in the crotch. the fabrics work 100% against one another. the vegan leather  especially the detail pieces at the outer side seams  is too stiff. the back is thin and has far too much elasticity. at $150 i passed. these will only enter my closet on sale.
This arrived this week and i was so disappointed. the proportions are all wrong--- from the empire waist to the dolman sleeves  to the weird texture added to the material. if i could sum up this jacket with one word it would be "weird".
This dress has a nice flow and it is simple but versatile. you can pair it with a jacket or cardigan for the winter and use it year round. however it runs one size large.
I had been on a white jeans hunt for some time. pilcro is one of my favorite brands  and i can buy online with confidence knowing they will fit. if petite had been available  that would have been better in length  but it was not so i had them hemmed.
This dress has very pretty colors on the embroidery  there is nothing wrong with the dress  other than the fact that there is nothing special about it. very blah fit. the fabric feels very polyester. no real shape to it. the embroidery on the dress i tried was lined up like the photo  so no problems there  just nothing about the dress made me want to wear it. perhaps at a much lower price point  but at this price point  its disappointing. size 2 fit perfectly  and i am 5'2" 112. in general  just
I just bought this and tried it on on a whim and am so happy i did! it's so much more flattering on than this photo depicts. i think it'll be one of my summer staples this year! give it a try!
After seeing the picture online  i was coveting this top for a while and then retailer days happened! i immediately ordered it  but i'm still not sure if i'm going to keep it. i ordered a 2p (0p was sold out) and i was assuming it was going to be a little big  but i like flowy. the sleeves and chest are perfect but the top is cut so generously in the back (and it's a bit longer in the back as well) i feel like it looks like i'm wearing a wedding dress. i love it from the front. i'm going to try to
Not much to say. fits tts. a beautiful top. colors are striking!!
Super cute dress - swingy  flattering  easy to wear. the pattern is great  and i felt like it was the perfect length for me - though i'm short  so it may be too short for someone taller. the dress runs big. i'm usually a 6  but i got this is a 4. only complaint is that the pockets add unnecessary bulk.
This skirt is so cute. this is a staple to have in your wardrobe. i wear it with boots and boot socks. but tights for cold winter days as well as flip flops in the summer. i got my true size of 4. its fits perfectly. i love the length with a peek of leg when you walk!
I was really wanting a nice white summer blouse to pair with patterned skirts. unfortunately  this fell short as it was huge. not only was it big  it flared at the bottom. it would be perfect if i was sporting a baby bump  but not what i am going for right now. if the tank was a bit slimmer i would have kept it as a tunic.i'm sad that i'll have to return it.
This looks really cute online. i was super excited to get it and i ordered my regular size in maeve. i got a size 0 (i am 5'4  114#). the top is very pretty and the fabric is nice but it is very short  it didn't even cover my stomach and didn't come to the top of my jeans. i'm sending it back. maeve usually runs big but you can't tell from the photo and the size chart that it's more of a crop top. disappointing since almost every size is sold out.
I love how you can wear this with a t-shirt or blouse.
I purchased this in both the green color and the grey color and am in love with both. they are much longer than last years design and it has a pretty weave to the sweater with multiple layers that sit perfectly past the hips. the fit is true to size although the fabric is quite thin and i worry about pulls. also  the sleeves are a bit long  but this doesn't bother me too much at this point. very versatile!
I purchased this shirt in grey. i loved the color and the details  especially the lace on the shoulders. i just found the fit to be off for me. the style certainly calls for a relaxed fit but the small was loose in an unflattering way. had the xs been available i might have considered exchanging for an xs but the s was already a bit short on me. (strange because although i am not petite  i am fairly short wasted.) i also wasn't in love with the neckline. i will continue my search for a weekend-w
This vest looked so cute online. what you can't see however  is the vertical seaming under the arms does not have any fringe (about 3" wide). that material in the seaming area looked like cheap polyester and it pulled slightly near the side pockets so it didn't lay nicely. also the top of the vest where it comes together also does not lay well and it falls awkwardly open - again showing the cheapy material that it's lined with. fits true to size. i usually wear a s/m in retailer and purchased the
I want to love this shirt  i really do  but it's huge! the top is tent-like  which would be adorable with skinny jeans  however the length of the back dips so low  the top kind of reminds me of pajamas. the color is beautiful  more like a light grey heather  and the white piping is like a shimmery ribbon material. overall  the top is cute  but it dips too low in the back and the bow weighs down the back of the shirt  so it makes it hard to adjust it in the front. sadly  it's a return.
The photos don't do the top justice. the split back is very unique and adorable. i typically take a size 8 in tops  but ordered a 12 since a reviewer suggested it was narrow in the shoulders. the 12 shoulder fit perfectly  but the body is way too big -- i was swimming it in. i like it enough that i'm going to visit the tailor to take in the body. with the sale price  it is worth tailoring.
This dress just feels and looks amazing. i love how it isn't too short like a lot of new styles. i think it will be wonderful with leggings or tights in the winter. i also love the plaid cuff detail. the only drawback is the buttons need to be reinforced. i got home and realized one button was missing. i went to the store to swap for a new one and when i went to cuff the arms  2 buttons popped off!
I was so curious to see this skirt. it looks just like pic. really gorgeous bold pattern and a faux suede like fabric. my only problem was that i thought there was too much fabric. i love maxi skirts. i am 5&#39;8&quot; and 136 lbs. it was a bit long on me but just had too much fabric. i have slim hips but this made them look larger. skirt is almost ballroom gown like in its fullness. loved it and someone else might love it but for me  it was too much. wish it worked!
I ordered these in white and sized down from my normal 28 to 27 based on reviews and they are too small. i've seen with other pants/shorts that sizing can be off with different colors  so i'm guessing it's the same case here. i'll try ordering again in my usual 28 and hope that they will be a good fit. otherwise  nice shorts for the price.
Oh what a disappointment! i was looking forward to wearing this as a layering piece with the shawl cardigan. the material lacks serious quality and it was ripped on the seam. so  back it goes. and  i am flabbergasted at the price retailer is charging almost $60 for this top!
Love this so much. it's beautiful and i get tons of compliments. it's a touch short as a dress but looks amazing with leggings!
I'm a consistent size 6 (ordered a small) with a pretty athletic build (wide shoulders and strong arms) and this dress simply did not fit with those proportions. the sleeves and back were far too tight. additionally  the bow did not cover my bra strap  likely because it isn't made for someone my height. had to return.
This dress is very versatile and flattering on-- i've already worn it out to casual cocktails with friends twice since i've gotten it. i'm 5'3 and 125 lbs and the 4 petite worked perfectly on me.
So this is a great tee  problem is the white you can see through. i an not looking for a layering tee so not what i was looking for.
I just got this and couldn't wait to wear it to work today. it is such a pretty designed top. unfortunately  it is falling apart as i write this review. one sleeve is unraveling. there are strings hanging off all over the lacy arms. am so disappointed in the quality. i'll be sending it back when i get home.
All of my friends loved these pants- as did i! these are so gorgeous. the sequins seem well stitched. the small fit me well- hanging straight as pictured  not too snug or uncomfortable. they hit me at the ankle. there are back pockets.
This top fits loosely through the body and a little snigger in the bust. fabric is nice but does require some ironing/steaming at times. it is a little pricey but you won't find anything similar so being unique makes it worth the cost. i ordered online but it was available at my local retailer store; unfortunately the online order didn't show availability & i would have liked to see it first since i was unsure of size ( usually wear medium if top has a relaxed fit  large if not). very cute too!
I saw this dress in the store and absolutely fell in love with the fabric and just had to have it. i ordered it on line in my size and when it arrived  i tried it on (or tried to try it on) and it didn't fit some parts of my bday (mainly in the bust). i ordered the largest size  so there was no where to go from there except to send it back. others here have complained about a strange fit in the tummy area (i.e.  too much material). i never got to find out because i really couldn't get the dress
The most important thing to note about this skirt is that it is a true blue color- not black! it's also perfect for spring   summer and early fall. super comfy  casual yet elegant. size runs a tiny bit small as the waist is not elasticized. a staple of a cozy chic wardrobe.
In paper crown dresses  i wear a small or size 6  so for this top  i ordered a small. it was huge on me! for reference  i'm 5'7"  130 lbs  34a. it is very wide towards the bottom  and it flares out way more than in the picture. the material is also a little stiff  so it really sticks out. even if i sized down to the xs  i think the bottom would still look unflattering  so i'm returning this.
This shirt aesthetically is very pleasing. i love the overall design and colors. however  when i tried it on i was immediately itchy! the material is not soft like a cozy sweater ought to be. in addition  though i ordered a size medium  it fit very large - almost too oversized. the sleeves were extremely long on me and the overall body was too big. it's too bad  i really loved the look but i'm not the type to layer. if you are  go for it  but get a size smaller than you normally would!
I love this dress so much i bought it in 2 colors  it's so soft and cozy  i want to live in it!
Well first off i knew a jumpsuit was going to be a gamble for me- i have a long torso at 6 feet   but i just loved the print and the style and typically all things sactuary so i was willing to risk it. sadly the torso length was an issue and it seemed to run small to me-i ordered a small which usually would fit fine  but ended up pulling across my hips and with the patten being what it is... well on me it just wasn't flattering or comfortable.
Love this top and i think it is a great transition piece - i live in texas  so our temps stay high until october. this top in the purple motif color is perfect  since the colors aren't look too summery  but the fabric is lightweight. this top is a little bit boxy  but drapes nicely so it won't make you look wide. as with most holding horses tops  this runs a little big so size down unless you need the length.
Hi  when i received this top i tried it on  looked in the mirror and packed it up for a return. the quality is excellent but it just too boxy. fits nothing like it appears on the model.
Another shirt i really wanted to love. i adore green but so few tops are made in this color. (please make more!!) however  this shirt didn't work for me. i think it's a matter of where your curves live. the shirt was true to size  but my boobs meant i was showing more cleavage than the model  and the top part felt more like a bib than embroidery. sad coz it is lovely and feels lovely on. probably a great shirt for different body types. would love to see more green clothing....
I'm always on the lookout for those special clothing items that add pizzazz to my wardrobe. this is one. i had been looking for a bomber jacket and tried many but this one falls elegantly and is really beautiful. i can't wait to show it off!
Quality is great  fits very well at waste  i am 5'4 135lb bought size 8p and it's good... i would require wear heels as it reaches and sits on the floor. they are more fall/spring/winter pants as material quite thick. overall  i am happy with them
Not great quality  runs a bit lose  disproportionate (too large in neck and arms area)
I wanted a casual but special summer dress and had high hopes for this one. i normally like to try things on as it is difficult to tell fit online. when it arrived i was disappointed with this dress. it is very full in the skirt  the top fit a bit odd  not a lot of shape and not especially flattering. the fabric wasn't very exciting either.  unfortunately this one went back.
I love how unique this top is  especially the buttons that run on the back.  it is cut boxy  but i think it works because there is so much other detail going on. the fabric is comfortable  and the stitching on the inside is not irritating.
I purchased the blue s (140lbs  5'8"  34b) and this was very large and boxy on me. not altogether unflattering but not so flattering that it justifies the price. the blue color is very pretty in person--darker and slightly marled. however  although this sweater is certainly cashmere (and very soft because of it)  it is very thin--to the point that i consider this a "top" rather than a "sweater." the silk panel in back is pretty but  again  thin and unlined. i think that  even on sale  this is ov
First  my husband had to help me zip up in this interesting but awkward design. the materials is nice  but stiff  so the skirt is quite full. the shoulder idea is interesting  but i would not want to spend an evening in it. to me  not up to the usual ms standard.
I agree with the first reviewer. this dress is just ok; nothing to write home about. if you need a throw on dress in a pinch  it's nice to have on hand  but there are probably a lot of other retailer dresses that fit the bill that are better quality than this one. it is also very body conscious in the back. the material is a thin  ribbed rayon - on the cheap side. overall  it's a comfortable piece  but it's more like a thin  long-sleeve t-shirt  rather than a quality dress. it would have been a gr
This sweater runs oversized; very soft and comfortable and colors are spot on for fall. love the sleeve length.
I ordered this dress after seeing it styled with a beautiful cape.  when it arrived  it was incredibly soft and the color was a pretty  muted pink.  however  once i put it on  it clinged to all the wrong places.  having a larger chest made it show a lot of cleavage and if i can't wear a standard bra with it  it's too complicated.  in a regular tank dress  it would have been a yes. overall a great dress  but probably for another body type.
This sweater is perfect for cool days.  the fit is true to size  though a bit longer than in the photos  especially the sleeves (i'm petite).  i actually liked the length so did not order petite.  the sweater is a relatively soft cotton blend.  it is comfortable and the ruffle adds just the right amount of finesse.  the ruffle is stitched on all the way  so it doesn't open in front  which is a plus.  the blue grey is marled and more grey than blue.  the red is beautiful and as pictured.
It broke my heart to return this shirt. the pattern is just the kind of quirky that i crave from retailer. the quality is really great but in the end this shirt was just way to big. i don't think the xs would have made enough of a difference. sad face.
Love  love  love this dress! the fabric is high quality; the colors are rich and vibrant. the fit is very flattering  with the open neckline and fitted waist. versatile piece that can be dressed up with heels and jewelry or dressed down with tights and boots. my usual size fits perfectly.
Nice cut but 6 inches too long and no petite sizes available.
This is a great pull over dress that can easily be dressed to wear to work  to a bbq  or to happy hour. i have a large chest which sometimes makes this fit look like a tent but this fabric drapes nicely. the only thing i would note is the neckline was slightly higher on me than for the model.
Really wanted this to worked for me. ordered the s in ivory (the color i really wanted but xs was sold out) and the xs in cedar.  loved the knit and look and quality but the sweater was boxy and huge even in xs.  not flattering on my petite frame (5'2"  115#).  so disappointed as i've been looking for a non-wool sweater like this.
I bought one pair last year and two more this year! i love them! they fit tts and the "red" ones look exactly like the picture.....more of a pink color. super cute color! buy these shorts!!!
Good dress to wear with heels  flats  tights. versatille!
After multiple purchase and returns (from other sites!) i decided to splurge on a dress for my college graduation (located beach side). this dress was better than i could have hoped. the fit is very flattering  loose & tight in all the right places. the adjustable straps underneath the overlay ensure the silk lays perfectly. the colors are gorgeous and the fabric is light as a feather. the slight train & back buttons adds elegance to an otherwise "casual" floral pattern. i would highly recommend
It was quite a bit shorter on me than what it shows on the model who is the same height. the pull-on styling is a #fail as i could barely get my head through the neck opening! i was afraid it might rip a seam. the fabric seems low quality  like it would stretch out and degrade faster than others. overall  not the dress or quality i expected :/
This skirt looks cute online but  it has several issues. 1.) the slit is very high  this photo is deceptive  look closely...the slit is actually to her finger tips. you cant wear any kind of spanx or control top tights. 2.) slits on both sides so when you walk they fly away. 3.) the micro mini "slip" bunches. 4.) the fine knit is very snag-able. 5.) the skirt is very long. it is going back.
I immediately picked out this in the taupe color at the store. the black was pretty basic looking  but this color is gorgeous. it's quite flowy on me (i wear an xs/s most places but usually small in tops here) the sleeves stretched out a bit after a day of teaching too. one of my favorite tops at retailer right now!
Well  the model looks great and i really like interesting unusual designs as it can be really unique for very long time. i tried and when i opened package it was funny looking tent with several beautiful buttons. fits like tent  long  huge  make me look like i am on military trials and i supposed to be some sort of target.
I am a 4  so i ordered the s. slipped these pants on and i couldn't get them zipped up. i thought perhaps i ordered a 0  nope  a s. i'm not even sure a m would fit! these unfortunately are going back tomorrow. the material and color were beautiful (bronze)  but the sizing is very strange!
The wash on these jeans made my hips look twice as big. that in combination with the looser boyfriend cut was not flattering. quality was excellent. denim was thick with the right amount of stretch. unfortunately they had to go back.
I was so excited to try out this top since it was such a bargain and neutral. unfortunately  the shape is "a" line and accentuates the hip area a bit more than i find flattering. so  it will be returned.
Yes  this is a sweatshirt  but one that you can wear in a a variety of settings. it's a little boxy  but i can fit a bright colored t-shirt underneath during the cooler season. be warned  the band around the bottom runs snug  which wasn't a problem for me because i have narrow hips.
Tried this skirt on in the store and loved it...so pretty feminine and versatile except for the color.. although its a gorgeous color and i do love red how often do people wear red skirts? i would have snatched it up if it were offered in other colors. unlike the other reviewer i think the ruching is great as it gives you the option to wear the skirt higher or lower on your waist and adds the axtra interest factor. as this would be a totally frivolous buy i'm going to resist and try to wait for
The embroidery on this top is pretty but i think blue is more of a navy/grey in person and the embroidery seemed darker brown. i'm 5'6 and tried an xs and small  the small definitely fit better in length. the body of thr blouse is loose  almost boxy. cute top  just not what i'm looking for.
I was looking for a velvet dress for the holidays. this one was beutiful in color and teksture. the only problem was that it was snug in the shoulders. going a size up would have made it too roomy elswhere.
Oh  i wanted this dress to work! i bought it in green  red and the solid blue. all ran really small. i *just* fit in a 10  when i would normally take a 6 in retailer sizes (5'8" and 140 lbs). as with many other reviewers  i also noticed that the zipper was a huge flaw. it took a long  slow motion to get it zipped because it would get stuck on the fabric variations. such a cute style  was really bummed it didn't work. i kept ordering it in other colors thinking i would hit the jackpot  but they wer
I sized down as other reviewers suggested (usually an 8  went down to 6) and the dress fit fine--but it was not attractive. the cut was like a tent with an empire waist. really just not attractive. maybe it has to do with my body type  but compared to the model  this dress was so unflattering in-person. returned.
Love the cut and the way they drape. size 26 and 5'6" 135lbs fit great until you wear them for an hour. all of a sudden my 26s became 28s. they were practically falling off. i plan to wash them to see if they shrink. i wish they held their shape since they are so cute.
I think the orange top will look great in the fall as well as spring. i'm 5' 7.5" and it's a great tunic length on me. it's really pretty and i love it. snap it up on sale!
This dress is gorgeous! the color is perfect for spring/summer. the dress does run wide/loose. i read reviews before ordering and i am glad that i did. i am usually a petite size  but the reviews recommended going with the regular due to length and the design at the bottom (and wanting to be able to bend over comfortably). i am 5'2 and about 116lbs. i ordered the 2 regular and it worked well. i received many compliments!
I bought this shirt after reading so many positive reviews. it looks much thinner and cheaper than the photo depicts.  like many reviewers have said  it does hit just above midriff but the fringe covers your belly.  it didn&#39;t hang right on me and i felt like i was wearing a rug.
Very cute top. the sleeves were more quarter length on me. looks great with jeans
I wanted to love this because it's all my favorites: simple  chic design; pure silk; gorgeous color. in reality  the dress was 100% see-through  very thin  and poor quality silk. i posted pictures of me wearing this dress with a nude slip on underneath that i brought along for shopping elsewhere for business dresses. despite the thin quality of the silk  i was still considering spending this dress (despite it's unreasonably high $$$ for the quality)  but after trying it on i was really disappoin
This sweater looked so promising with the tie waist and pretty lacy edging  but turned out to be a disappointment. it was much shorter than it looks in the photos and barely came to my hips. and the plum color was much darker than i expected  more of a dull brownish-burgundy.
Wow! i saw this dress in the store and had to try it on. it is simply stunning! the bright colors and design are a true tracy reese dress and i looked like a fairy queen in it! lol. i can't wait to wear it!
I loved the material's texture and drape  but it was too sheer for me. i am 100% against having to wear a tank under white tees. (which means i have a lot of trouble finding any white tees  but...)     other than the see-through nature  i loved this shirt!
I just purchased this amazing jacket in the moss color in my regular size small (34d-27-35) at the store because my husband had commented about how cool it looked and i absolutely love it. this is the softest jacket ever and you wouldn't even know it's not real leather. the moss is more of a cross between a dark grey and green and it's so neat how it goes with so many outfits. the moss green does not make it difficult at all to match up with so many other colors like you would think due to it's
Beautiful dress. lots of compliments. will transition well from summer to fall.
Material is nice. design would be so great if it didn't fit so large! i am 5'4" 118lbs  athletic build. the dress could be belted i think (a very slim girl at retailer did this)  but it is not worth $158 in my opinion. if on sale i might keep it due to the hastle of returning it  however  it is not "flowy." it fits okay in the shoulders  almost too loose  and the rest looks like a potato sack. so disappointed!!
This sweater is great i bought the black version on sale. my complaint is the pulling factor though. you don't expect retailer sweaters to pill after a couple wears. overall i love the fit and look though so i continue to overlook it and use my sweater comb as needed!
Fabulous dress. i was looking for that one dress that i could spend a little money on and wear to a variety of events  mostly weddings. i received tons of compliments and was very comfortable in it. the hooks on the front of the dress to start to unhook themselves if you don't really clamp down on them  but that was the only issue. i don't know how flattering this would be on shorter ladies  only because it ends right around your knees.
This dress is adorable  but fit a bit large through the waist. i ordered the 6 and am exchanging for the 4  so hopefully it will work better for me. for reference  i am 5'7  135 lbs curvy. the fabric is soft and swingy and the striped under-layer is feminine and adorable. love.
First off  let me say that i am 52 and don't often go for print jeans these days:) however  these are just so stinking fun and flattering that i couldn't say no. these look great cuffed for warmer temps  and rolled to full length will be fun to wear with fall sweaters. if you are looking for something fun and flattering  these are the ticket! i bought the grey version and feel that they will work with many pieces that i already have.
This dress is true to size and great for the winter months. it's very comfortable and not scratchy at all. i love the colors and patterns on this dress. the buttons are a nice detail  but after wearing this dress twice  one of the buttons has already fallen off. they don't seem to be sewn securely. i am tall and this dress falls as shown on the model.
I love cotton fabric  so i was very excited to find this shirt in gorgeous fall colors. i have the dark red/burnt orange color  and it is pretty. but i have worn the thing once  and today when i put it on again  i found 2 holes on the front of the shirt. so disappointed.
I am keeping this because i got a great deal (30% off sale price)  it fits great (i alternate between xs and s  went with s)  and overall it has nice quality (thick fabric  secure toggles  etc.)  but--what is with the lack of lining? i would hesitate to buy anything from this brand at full price because of that. there are just large seams on the inside  which is tolerable because of the type of fabric  but come on.
So  this is just the most lovely romper. beautifully made  flowey. very comfortable  until you have to take it off.  this is the review i posted on facebook.   so  no man i know has ever ever ever experienced the abject terror  or maybe has not shared with me  that moment when you cannot get out of  because it has turned into a straight jacket  that otherwise cute romper. and again  maybe a man invented it!
I am somewhere between a 24 and a 25 (i have narrow hips but an average waist)  so i was happy to find that these worked for me in me in a 0. i loved the blue color as an interesting neutral. they did stretch out a little with wear  but i still felt like i looked good by the end of the day. i typically really like cotton/linen blends as i can usually wear them out of the dryer if i'm going for a casual look - a few wrinkles with linen doesn't bother me. but these. oh my. when i pulled them out o
This dress is gorgeous!! amazing colors  drape and bra friendly if ur not too big chested. i can wear this w a strapless bra and the tie in back does work.
I am 5'4"  100lbs  petite frame  i bought this dress in xxsp. the fabric was good quality and thicker than i have imagined  good for fall  maybe a little warm for the hot humid summer days  but perhaps a cooler summer day. unfortunately this dress runs pretty large  much too large for my petite frame  so i had to return it. i would recommend sizing down. this dress is very beautiful and would be great to wear to work or out for after work drinks  also maybe a bridal shower or other brunch event.
Here's what i liked: great shape through body  cool empire waist. and good length loved the color  more rust than red. material was somewhat light which liked since i often get overheated in turtlenecks.  here's what i disliked: the sleeves!! the reason they only show the model with her arms against her body is because the sleeves are ridiculous. they are just too big and too flowy. they will always be in the way of everything and there is no way to roll or push up.
This vest was a must-have the minute i saw it! i usually stick to the sale section  but this was a worthy exception. i love the reversible option! i bought the matching leggings as well  and have worn them with the smaller floral motif...so many compliments! i teach barre  so i figured i would wear this to and from the studio  but i find myself reaching for it to go over all my regular clothes too! the only draw back is the zipper. i'm sure its because it is reversible  however  the zipper hasn'
I adored this suit - the style  the colors  the thick quality of the fabric...but unfortunately the bottom seams cut into my groin and backside so much  it was practically painful! i'm 5'7'  128 lbs  and usually wear a size small  but was advised to size up. even with the medium i tried on  everything fit well but the length  though i've never thought i had a long torso. sizing up to a large would make the bust way to large for my small b chest. was so sad to return this suit!
I had been eyeballing this for a very long time because i loved the look of the skirt and this top (of which i snagged the skirt when it went on sale). i was delighted to finally take a chance and buy this when it went on sale  too. thoughts below:  ______  pros:  - it is well made and on the thicker side.   - for a peplum  it is actually slimming. i am an hourglass and with hips  which usually means such tops flare out so much making me look wider in all the wrong places. so i was skeptical abo
Received many compliments the first day i wore them.. amazing fit. disagree with the other post. the quality is amazing. i wish they had other colors. bought xs
I loved this dress on way more than i expected to - the pictures don't do it justice. the fabric is soft and is a really nice weight - heavier than i expected  which makes the dress hang in a really flattering way. the belt doesn't go all the way around  as other reviewers said  but i actually kind of like it that way. i almost didn't try it on based on some of the other reviews  but i'm sooooo glad i did. it's a really cute dress - will look great as is  or with a light cardigan if it's a littl
I only tried on the ivory one  but it was so see-through  there was just no way. i can't speak for the other colors. seemed true to size  maybe a little large  but that's the style. very cute design  loved the back. too bad.
This top is cute  but i found issues with both the fit and the quality. i tried on an xs  but found it to be boxy on my petite frame (5'2"  110 lbs  34a). even worse  though  was the feel of this shirt. it's not lined  so you can feel every bit of the beautiful stitching on your skin. it was so itchy  and i only wore it for a minute in the fitting room. it's a pretty shirt  but not worth actually wearing.
Great weekend toss around piece or with gym clothes.  the cut is flattering  yet not tight.  i purchased in 2 colos  b/c i liked it so much and was looking for a piece like this for a very long time! cute with yoga legging  jeans  sweats etc.
I was really nervous when ordering this dress because of the other reviews  but i couldn't get to a store during the mother's day event and really wanted this little number. it arrived yesterday and i'm already so excited to wear it  especially once i get just a tiny bit of a tan. i love the fact that it is yellow and white stripes with the dragonflies on top--the pattern is so much cuter in person than it appears online. the fabric is also a good weight  and it is lined  which greatly simplifie
I purchased this skirt at retailer store in texas. i fell in love since i saw it. the fabric is nice and the colors are pretty and cheerful for this spring/summer !! and it has pockets on the sides! don't we love pockets? very practical and lightweight
This was so boxy and unflattering. i loved the lining and the fabric was very soft but it looked like i was wearing a bag. was hoping to use this as a cute top layer for dresses but it was a terrible fit. sizing down would not help this one. went back!
Love this top! i'm 5' 118 lbs  purchased in a medium and plan on wearing it as a dress! it is so cute!
I tend to size up when ordering tops online as i find a lot of retailer stuff to be inconsistent. a little big is better than something way to small. well that was a mistake with this top. i sized up and it was much too large everywhere  more so than i thought it would be. but the neck  there's no button or hook and i could barely get the top over my head! if i had gotten a size smaller i wonder if it would have ripped as i pulled it on. cute top  material is so-so.
I bought this dress as a surprise for my daughter. she was very happy with it.
Picked this up in the store today  but didn't try it on first. it is even more gorgeous in person than the photo  but sadly this did not work for me when i got it home to try on. there is wonderful detailing  but somehow the bulky knit fit was just not flattering on. i think it is the thick knit and slightly shorter length. the knit was bulking up in all the wrong places and visually added about 10l bs to my frame. such a shame---really wanted to keep this beautiful sweater but it just did not l
Haven't decided if i'm going to keep this dress yet. it arrived torn at the seams  but was able to use two sided tape to fix and straps were sewn on twisted. in my opinion it is not worth full price. i would say it runs tts. i'm between and 4 and a 6 and the size sp fit perfect  however  the petite size runs pretty long. it says 47 inches from shoulder but i need to wear it with 5 inch heels. mine may have been a wrong size marked issue.  dress looks exactly as in the picture.
Fun take on the white shirt- it is flattering and fun. and yes- very soft material so comfy!  but as others have stated  the material is very thin so your full bra outline will show- or you throw on a cami.
After reading the reviews i sized down to a 6. once i received it  i loved the fabric and color  however it was so ill-fitting. it's like the designer didn't even use female measurements and used a box to make this top--too wide. i liked it so much that i sized way down to a 0 and it still fit horribly. it is too wide and not long enough. both are going back!
The shirt is cute  but there is no way that the length posted on the website is correct--it's a crop top. this was returned.
I'm so upset that this didn't work out. i'm petite at 5'2 and ordered this skirt in petite  however  i felt like it swallowed me up. the fabric is thick and warm so this is definitely only cold weather attire. i'm the picture it looks like there is a little leg showing  but on me  i feel like a schoolmarm. sadly  this is going back.
Oh how i wanted this skirt to work.... the fabric - both pattern and color - is beautiful. the style is very nice. the knit is comfortable. but... the knit was so soft and pliable that it lost its shape right away. after wearing it for an hour  the front slit was curling in weird directions. the fabric around the hips got sort of crooked and hang-y. i would have loved the fabric to be one notch more substantial for a more defined waist and better integrity around the hips.
This cardigan is very soft and feminine. it looks nice on but it sheds everywhere. i decided to pass on it when it got white fur all over the other clothes in the fitting room. if you don't mind the shedding then i would recommend this sweater.
I bought this to use over the holidays. it is extremely comfortable and i've received multiple complements. you can dress it up or wear it casual.
I love off the shoulder looks and had high hopes for this top. unfortunately the folded top portion doesn't stay down at all. i found myself pulling at it all day and eventually gave up. the material is also not the best.
I feel that for this price  i should love this top (and i wanted to). however  the price is on the high side for a relatively basic top  and there were a few things about it that could be improved.  pros: i ordered a medium and feel that it's pretty true to size. additionally  the fabric is nice and light (but also *sheer*) and  generally speaking  has a nice pattern. overall  it's a very pretty top.  cons: there's a cute criss-cross ruffle thing happening in the back but the model has cleverly
I saw this skirt in retailer several months ago and while it caught my eye  it was pricey. so i waited until it went on sale and pounced.  unfortunately i ordered a size 6 which is enroute.   i happened to stop by our local store today and decided to try on the 6 and ended up getting a size 4.  so i'll have to return the size 6 when it arrives.  i think it runs tts. i've lost alot of weight recently.    the colors are vibrant and it has a nice weight with some stretch in the fabric.  it's a
I ordered a size smaller prr other reviewers but that still didn't prepare me for the sweater's issues. it looks really cute but the quality is pretty horrendous. i wore it for the first time today and already the sweater is pilling a lot on my back. seriously heartbroken.
I purchased this in 2 colors. the black which is really actually a dark grey( no complaints) and the cream with black print version. i have worn both at least once a week and receive compliments everytime! looks great with skinny pants or jeans. great alone or layered with a jacket or cardigan. does run on the looser side fyi
This looks awesome with leggings / jeggings and booties or slip ons. great buy. its a wee big  but there are slits up the sides pretty high.
Really like this tee but i do wish it was made of another material. i like the design. simple with a nice macrame detail. the material is a very plain with much to be desired. ultimately kept the shirt but would have loved it more if it was made with something that felt better quality.
I love the color block concept but this top was way too boxy. the shirt was pretty much square. and the top was super itchy  too. looks so cute online but no-go in person.
I love this fabric  and the design details of this top. but i am only 5'3  and this top ends above my waist! shoulders and sleeves fit perfectly and the neck and back details are very flattering. i ended up keeping the shirt because i love the fabric so much  but i am trying to find a way to wear this shirt with how short it is. tucking in or wearing with high-waisted bottoms are all i can figure out  for someone without a perfectly flat tummy.
Although the blouse is pretty it did not fit me well. i downsized two sizes and it still didn't hang well on my body. i think it looks great on the model and would probably look better on a thinner person. i am disappointed it did not work out and i will be returning it.
When i tried this top on  i started laughing. the two rows of ruffles are made of a starchy thick cotton  which  instead of falling by the hips  juts out like wings. it's also huge. cute idea  wrong material and placement.
Cute little dress fits tts. it is a little high waisted. good length for my 5'9 height. i like the dress  i'm just not in love with it. i dont think it looks or feels cheap. it appears just as pictured.
I ordered xs petite and was pretty excited when this arrived based on the reviews. however (and maybe it's just me) the top was really  really large on me  especially around the shoulders and upper arms  so the shape was not flattering. sorry to have to return this item.
I adore this top. it is super soft  drapes nicely  and looks great with a ton of different bottoms. i am 5'4"  104 lbs.  and ordered this in both xs (my usual size)  and s. i ended up keeping the s (most cloth & stone xs tops swim on me  so i was a little surprised)  but glad i tried both. my only concern is how it will hold up after washing it. it is a gauze-like material  and i just hope i can get a long life out if this top.
Loved the material  but i didnt really look at how long the dress was before i purchased both a large and a medium. im 5'5" and there was atleast 5" of material at my feet. the gaps in the front are much wider than they look. felt like the dress just fell flat. both were returned. im usually a large and the med fit better. 36d 30 in jeans
I had been looking at the dresses and jumpsuits from this designer for a while and decided to order this jumpsuit. i'm usually an extra small in jumpsuits  and wasn't sure to get the 0petite or 2petite. i'm 5'3 and about 115 lbs and the 2 petite is perfect in the legs and waist  but a little wide across the chest (i'm a 32c). the material is soft and feels very nice and like good quality. it's perfect for dressing up a little in the summer and i'm going to think of ways to transition it to the f
I never write reviews
I wanted to love this dress! the material is beautiful! but sadly i agree with other reviewer. the model definitely has this pinned back! i am on the small side (5'5"  120 lbs  straight figure  very tiny "girls") and this dress looked awful. totally swallowed what little shape i have and the swing did make me look prego in front and back. the fabric is stiff so i think that adds to the sticking out oddly. as far as sizing the arm jokes fit great. xs ordered and length was good but wish the "swin
I generally don't spend this much on jeans but wanted a nice black pair so rolled the dice during the sale. who can wear these? i'm an average size 12 and struggled to get these size 32s over my hips  buttoned and zipped. i looked like a stuffed black sausage. best for thin frames and even then  size up.
Beautiful dress. good quality. tts. i'm 5 feet 120 lbs. ordered my small petite. no issues. however  the green is very bright. the deal killer for me was when my hub said it looked like a starbucks barista's apron! it's going back. i marked yes if you plan on purchasing a black dress it's a yes.
I love this tank! basic but super sexy! i'm an a cub and this tee makes them look a lil bigger so i'll take it!! i bought the dark grey in small and went back for the striped grey and purchased small. i bought the black one too but i feel like the small in black is too big and the xsmall is too small. i'm torn because i want the black to tuck in a pencil skirt.
I had high hopes after reading all of the reviews  but as you can see  the dress didn't live up to them. i ordered a size 8  and maybe a 6 would've fit better  but i'm not going to find out. the sheer area on the model really stands out; it does not in real life. there were loose threads throughout  and there really shouldn't be at this price point. i was going to wear this to a wedding  but as a member of the wedding party  i don't think it would picture well at all. i'm sorry that it's headed
It's thin knit with a unique and pretty neckline  but unfortunately it's scratchy will not last. i just received it and it looks like it would fall apart after a few wears. it's a nice shade of offwhite at least. for me it's a no that will get sent back straight away.
A $200 piece of polyester with no shape and looks good only on the model. avoid ! mine went back the same day it came in the mail...
This t is a beautiful color  and i wish it had worked. it is quite flimsy  however - very thin cotton fabric  without the nice drape that would have made this look good on. i also think it should have been cut a little longer; it flares out right at the hips so instead of covering them  it highlights them. i'm disappointed  and am returning it.
So there weren't any product reviews to go by when i ordered the last small. i had no way of knowing if it ran big  small  or tts. i'm usually a med  but to my surprise the small worked due to the fluid pleating. it sits right on my natural waistline similar to the model and not too short in length (i'm 5'8"). i also like the med weight of the fabric it moves freely when you walk  but not too light. it is similar to a double weight georgette or crepe.
This unit is gorgeous as a dress or as a top with a cami  skinny jeans and boots. i'm wearing it to my cousins wedding and obsessed. i bought a long delicate necklace at retailer with a gold pendant and it falls perfectly with the neckline. my only slightly negative comment is about the quality. the material is beautiful but i noticed the elastic coming through the ends of the waistband where it snaps shut. still keeping it though!
I love this dress! it is so comfortable. the material feels nice and the print is beautiful. the only reason i didn't give this a 5 overall rating is because this fits a little big. i bought a petite medium and the elastic around the top is not as tight as i'd like. it still fits and stays on but it would feel a little better if it was a little more snug at the top. i love this dress because it is casual enough to walk around in but still feels somewhat dressy. i will probably take this dress wi
I am now the third person to try this dress and return it for the same reason. the empire waist is too high and hits across the bust instead of underneath it. i can't imagine how they got it to fit this model so well. i am petite and i really love the idea of a maxi with sleeves  so i decided to try it even through the two previous reviewers reported this issue. unfortunately  i had the same problem. i am a c+ cup size. perhaps this would work on a very thin figure with a small bust. i ordered t
Cloth and stone has been getting a little shotty lately in terms of quality. they used to be a pretty consistently high-quality brand  but lately i've been left a little bummed. i got this in "yellow" which is really a muddy orangey color. i think i would have gotten over the less desirable color if the fabric were better  but it is actually two very thin layers of fabric that are stacked and snag easily (sort of like a soft cheesecloth). the shirt is definitely comfortable and cute  but the qua
Loved the design and quality of this suit but the cups seemed huge. i weight 135lbs 5'6" and wear a 34c. i bought a large in this suit because other reviews said it ran small (normally i wear a size medium) i did like how it fit everywhere expect the chest. i'm wondering if the medium will still be too large in the chest and hoping the rest would still fit okay. not sure i want to go through the hassle to exchange and it not fit again! it's so cute otherwise and would be perfect if you have a la
I tried this on at the store in the regular size it came in and thought maybe it has some potential is i ordered it for me in a petite since that's what i am. i ignored the package when i first got it thinking it wouldn't really look right but omg  it's 100% amazing and flattering. wear it with skinny jeans  leggings  jeggings  whatever and it's just super awesome on dressed up or down. i'd buy this over and over again without a doubt.
Very pretty dress but the fit is not great. i have to get help to take it off because it's tight in the shoulders.
Let me preface this by saying  im totally keeping this dress!    it is kind of a weird design  but intriguing. i received it in the mail yesterday  i am 5'6"  125 lbs and have hips. as a previous reviewer mentioned  this dress is more fitted than a swing dress as it appears. fortunately the xs fit me just right - but i cannot gain another lb.    my husband said that i looked like i was in a choir because of the higher neck design and bell sleeves  but he too found the dress somewhat alluring.
I agree with those who thought this material looked a little cheap. i ordered the white knowing about the sleeves and thought i'd like the slits  but the material + sleeves definitely gave an undesired pirate vibe.    true to size.
Purchased this should in the blue motif in size small. i am usually between a small and medium in shirts  36c broad shoulders. the fit was fine in the small. however  i had a few issues with the top: 1) the blue motif looked actually like a faded blue (as if it had been washed quite a few times and looked worn)  2) the front mid/bottom section laid strangely and gave me a maternity look  and 3) the back has alot of fabric (see back of tank in white motif) and was very voluminous. for me  it wasn
Please be awate that although this blouse is beautiful and the color is gorgeous--it is completely sheer!!! it just doesn't match up with the price point 
This dress is lovely.  it flows nicely and is extremely flattering.  also true to size.  unfortunately i do not care for a lot of glitter/sparkle  which this dress has going down the very front so it is going back.  wish i could pull off the glitter but can't.  i absolutely love this dress otherwise and very much recommend it.
This dress is really attractive in terms of the pattern and the neckline. but the dealbreaker for me was the lack of darts in the back hip area--so that the stretch fabric really hugs the full curve of your booty. a size larger gave me bagginess in the top and a still snug fit in back that i just didn't feel comfortable about. some darts could have made a nicer fit here. but this is a a great dress if you don't mind a super body con fit.
Bought the gray and peach in the store and loved it so much ordered the other colors online. this top is very comfortable and stylish. it stands out from the crowd as just enough different to be very unique and trendy but still a classic look. the sweater front is very soft and the back has a bit of a silk feel but not sheer. i also like that the back is a bit longer than the front.
Stunning! bought it today and i love it! it runs big. i'm usually a xs/s and went with the xs and it's perfect. flowy and comfy. i'm 5'4" 132lbs. great for summer and i think will transition great into fall with a cardigan.
This is a well made blouse with a pretty neckline. the print with the sleeves makes me look really wide. it's an odd look.
I love this dress. i am usually a size 4  but ordered this in size 0 and it fits perfect! great for any season  and can dress up or dress down. the pink is the perfect shade - i feel like i'm elle woods!
This runs a bit on the large side. i ordered my usual m and had room to spare. the green color was lovely  but between the fit and the scratchy fabric  this is headed back. too bad!
1. i'm 5'5" tall  145 lbs  and 38-32-40 and the size 30s fit me perfectly.  2. the hyphen chino is my favorite pant. just stretchy enough. just casual enough without being sloppy. just nice enough to wear to work.  3. i bought both pinks and the moss. the turquoise were too big in the waist for some reason  but the color  while gorgeous  didn't work with the rest of my wardrobe.
Super cute top! thin!! would look great layered! not crazy how it looked by itself!
I am 5 8"  130 and i usually wear a 4 in tops like this from retailer but the fit of this one was not good for me. though the styling and details of the top are lovely  it was small through the shoulders and very large everywhere else. looked too much like maternity. i love the shape of this kind of top but to be flattering it actually needs to be fitted through the bust and upper body and then flare in the right places and this was pretty boxy all around. too bad - so cute!
Do not buy! i used my 15% discount on this. what a waste. my usual sizes range from s to l depending on what brand. i should have gotten a small. i don't think that would've helped. it was so awkward looking. nothing like the model. it made me look as if i had gained 15 pounds. it was waaay longer in the back-like a mullet. the material was really thick. it is more appropriate for fall. i had high hopes for this-to dress up or down. it was just so ridiculous.
I got a medium as i usually wear that in everything. i am a 36d and this pulled a bit across my chest and back. it is a cute idea  but the fit is off for my body. i am 5'6 and hits me shorter than shown on the model  so hits at an odd length. i may try to order a large and see if it is better on me  because i am so hopeful for this to look cute on me! the teal blue color is beautiful  the pink is more a blush and washed me out  the grey is just grey. i bought three thinking this would be my go t
This was on display when walked into my local retailer  it's just a beautiful in person. my mistake was trying it on  instant love! i tried on my usual size small & it fit perfectly. i would usually wait for something in this price range to go on sale  but i just had to have this. worth the splurge!
This dress has been in my inbox for a long time and when it went on sale i purchased it right away. i am a size 4 petite in everything retailer and have not had a problem with fit  if anything i might have to size down. i purchased a 4 petite in this dress and i couldn't zip it all the way up. it was as if i was trying to get into a 0 petite.  i don't even think a size 6 would fit. there is something not right with the make of this particular dress i received. even if the fit was perfect i didn't
I made a visit to the store specifically to try on this dress and it was a disappointment for me. i tried on size 6 regular (i'm 34b  26 waist  36 hips) and i could not zip the dress up half way. the zipper is on the side  but it's more to the back which i have to stretch my arms all the way back to reach it. it stopped at my waist and was too tight for me to zip up anymore. i tried on an 8 regular and the entire dress was huge. (i'm 34b  26 waist  36 hips). i like the regular size because the l
Ordered the grey colored capris & they fit great. i am 5'5 110lbs and the size 25 fits me comfortably. i've recently been making a transition into more comfortable  looser style pants instead of skin tight jeans. these are great. still figure flattering  but comfortable and well made. the detail on the button section is lovely also.
I love these jeans. perfect amount of stretch  perfect color  perfect weekend.    i bought two sizes smaller than normal.  a little snug when they come out of the dryer  but within an hour they are the perfect fit.
I purchased this for a very good price and i typically love maeve... should have been a win-win. the fabric is thin and slinky in the most unfortunate way. it made finding appropriate undergarments very difficult. i had to add a slip (that helped) and figured that since i'm losing weight  it would look better when i'm down a few more pounds. that being said  i didn't find it to be figure flattering. i have a tummy and there was at least one photo from the bridal shower i wore this to  where i lo
I'd seen this in the store pre-sale and was delighted to see it on sale. i'm 5'4"  125 lbs and prefer a looser fit  so went with the medium  as i expect that it may shrink a bit. but i appreciated the creative take on a classic look  good quality of the fabric  and this will go with everything in the summer. or even beforehand -- with a cardigan.
I loved the cut of these pants and the button accent on the pockets. however  the material was quite thin and the quality was not great- there were multiple snags along the seams. additionally  at 5'8  130lbs i was swimming in the size 4. i would have tried sizing down if the quality was better.
I got this top planning to wear it with the sleeves up rather than off the shoulder  like in one of the photos. my regular size (medium) was way too large so i went down to a small. however  the collar was still too wide for the sleeves to stay above my bra straps. back it goes. if you're looking for a strictly off-the-shoulder top  you might like it. color is deep blue and the cotton is a nice weight.
As others have mentioned  the proportions of this coat are a bit strange  but i do like the oversized feel  and the low button. it is really soft and i like the beige lining  too. there's room for a sweater under it  so layered it is probably warm enough for temperatures in the high thirties and warmer. what makes me a little crazy about it--i almost returned it because of this--is that the stripes don't match up on the seams. they are slightly off and i think the coat cost enough that a mistake
This blouse is so pretty. i love the long tie. the pattern is very unique. it is a thin  light weight fabric so you can easily wear it underneath a leather jacket.
I'm curvy  and i often have trouble finding pants that don't have weird creasing and fit both my waist and thighs. these fit awesome  especially when i use the buttons at the waist to make it a little smaller. they do emphasize my hips  so if you're trying to hide hips  these aren't for you. i love them  though--they drape beautifully and feel great.
Saw this on line and decided to "splurge" for the holidays. arrived today and is going right back. runs very small especially in the waist. trim is a cheap ribbed fabric with a zipper. fabric is not elegant looking as in the picture  appears cheap and very itchy. sooooo disappointed.
Noticed all the 5 star reviews online for the latest pilcro stets- so due to the past 2 years of dissapointment of what was once a great pair of jeans....i was hopeful that retailerpologist listened and went back to the original pilcro stet formula- thick denim  just the right amount of give and a flattering 10 inch rise. walked right in and found them- and i knew right when i touched them- they were still the thin denim that's nowhere near the quality they once were. consumers pay attention and t
This is a gorgeous piece of clothing - true to size  simple yet flattering lines  very comfortable. it has such flattering little touches as well  such as the detail work on the sleeves. love it  love it  love it! i just wish it were machine washable!!
I ordered my usual size m and when arrived i thought the material and cut was nice.  once i tried it on it was way too big in hips.  i looked rather comical how it extended on the sides.  i returned the dress.
I ordered this jacket to complement the larkin dress by moulinette soeurs  which i planned to wear to a funeral. the pair together were perfect. the jacket added just the right touch in fashion and practical warmth on a sunny but chilly february morning in alexandria  va. i ordered my usual size and it fit perfectly  if not a tad bit large. but then i'm not very tall so occasionally items have more material than i need. but i never worry about that since it doesn't usually affect the lines of th
I have discovered that i'm really picky about t-shirts. it's hard to find a cute  flattering one that you can wear with whatever. this one is perfect. the neckline is different  the sleeves are short -- almost cap sleeves. it fits nicely everywhere. i am an 8/10 and the medium fit well. i love that it's a dark enough color and not sheer (why are so many of your clothes see through  retailer?!!!)   so i don't have to layer something under it just to wear it. it's thin enough that you can wear it in
I wanted to love this shirt  but was very disappointed. i had read other reviews and still ordered  but wish i would have listened. the shirt looks nothing like photos online and is extremely boxy and unflattering. had to send it back.
For reference i am 5'5" and 145lbs with an hourglass figure and bought a 8 petite instead of my usual 6 because i wanted it to be a bit shorter with the a-line design. the skirt fit perfectly  but the waistband is not stretchy like the rest of the skirt. the quality is great but the design and color is not. the skirt is actually much darker of a red than in the picture  more like a dark red wine. it is super a-line which was not flattering on me and the layers are all individual pieces of fabric
I ordered this top based on the photos. this looked unique and beautiful  plus i've loved past designs by this brand. i thought this would be nice for summer. there isn't a straight-on view of the front of the top for a reason. the model is turned to the side and there is one black flower that stands out below her chest  away from the border of the rest of the flowers. the flower looks kind of like a bee. i believe she is either wearing a size larger or pulling down the top to mask the problem.
Had to return for a larger size. like the design  though. quality wasn't as expected but since i purchased on sale  i decided not to return the top but exchange for a larger size which i hope is still available.
This vest is a great fall item. the asymmetrical design and unusual buttons really give it interest even though it is black. you could wear it open or closed  both look cute. appears to be high quality.
I'm a 34c and 136 lbs. i bought this in m in two colors because i love it so much! the fit is so flattering and the material is so soft and comfortable. i continue to get the best quality and fitting dresses from retailer!
First  it's huge. i'm not big busted but it's so roomy that i looked like i was pregnant. not exactly what i was going for. nice color and soft fabric but would only work if you plan to tuck it in--and i'm short waisted so no tucking for me. back it went.
L space is frustrating. i wear a 0/2 top but with 32d's i tried a large in this bikini top because from past experience with l space they run small. there's just zero support. the tie design helps secure the girls in place  but also flattens them out if you tie it tight enough so you don't spill out.
I ordered this in a size 4 and it is great quality. the only problem is the size of the slip. the top is very tight across my average chest  but fine elsewhere - odd fit. the dress fits great and i debated finding another slip  but ultimately decided to return it.
Well  i wanted to love it and it was just too much. i think it is a bit wider and weirdly baggier than it should be. i also feel it should be fully lined. it was not. the exterior wool and pattern is very nice. maybe if it was lined  a smaller size would have worked better  but for the price  i needed more. i also would have liked some sort of option for tightening the waist a bit when zipped up. i realize this isn't in the picture  so no expectation  but upon trying it on and seeing its boxines
Recently bought these on sale  though they were still a bit in the expensive side. i'm 5'2" and typically a size 4  the xs fits perfectly. the pants fall to my ankle and are not cropped as they are on the model  but i'm fine with that. the piping on the seams helps them not seem too much like pajamas  and i was particularly pleased that the crotch was not too baggy  as sometimes happens with this style.
Love these pants. corduroy leggings that fit like a skinny pant. comfortable. not too stretchy. maintains shape  even with multiple wears between cleaning. pairs nicely with black  neutral  or buttery yellow tops. fun print. received compliments first time i wore them. sizing is just right also. i'm 5'3. usually wear 26 in denim but have to go up a size for super skinny so i ordered a 27p which fits me just fine.
This is truly a lovely dress. the colors are beautiful and i love the contrasting but complimentary fabrics which add interest to an already elegant dress. the material is substantial without being stiff so that it flows gracefully and it flatters the figure. in my opinion if fits true to size  i'm 32b  5' and 103lbs and i got it in a 2p which is the size i normally get in dresses. it is slightly more loose than other retailer dresses in the same size but it still follows your curves without being
I liked this online but loved it when i received it in the mail. i normally wear a m/l and the medium fit perfect. it is gorgeous and flattering with a tie at the waist. the bottom is flowy. i knew it would be sheer from the reviews so that wasn't a surprise but i really wish it came lined. no one wants to wear a slip to the beach and i feel it's too nice for a cover up.
I was glad that i was able to get this shirt which is really more of a spring/summer item  but i found it wide in the body and the shoulders.
This top is wonderfully comfortable and well made. i've taken a few accidental naps while wearing it because i was just so comfortable. at the same time  i receive complements on the shirt every time i wear it. itt pairs well with so many types of pants. the only negative is that i only own one (the cream color). i regret greatly that i did not purchase it in all available colors when i had the chance! i really hope to see this top come back again later!
I bought this dress to wear to my low-key backyard rehearsal dinner. the dress it's self is beautiful  good quality  and a perfect summer maxi. however  it was way too big. i'm 5'6  118 lbs  i typically wear an xs/0 and felt like i was swimming in fabric. i loved the style and make of the dress  so i choose to get it tailored.
I was so excited to receive this jacket - have been looking for a "leather" jacket for a while and thought this would be the perfect one. unfortunately  i have broad shoulders and it seemed a little tight. i got my normal size s based on retailer shirts. maybe if i got the m? although  the s fit well in the waist  so... also  my small chest (32b) didn't fill out the darting in the chest area. one last wish  was that it was a little longer.   as with all hei hei  the inner lining was very cute. ove
I love the style and the look of this sweater. i wanted to love it and keep it but could not because the itchiness was too much. the style looks so comfortable and easy going  but it was not  it was clingy around the waist and backside. for reference  i am 5ft 4in and 128b and i ordered the small - the sleeves were too long on me  not "cool" long like some other sweaters this season.
This dress was super cute online. i ordered it in small and medium  both fit  one tighter--obviously  but could have gotten away with either. the dress is cut a little funny under the armpits and fell a little weird in front so i didn't think it was flattering on me. it would be flattering on very slim body  smaller on top. i sent it back. i'm a 34 c  athletic build.
I ordered these jeans twice because i love them. the first pair were mis-marked by about 4 sizes so i re-ordered. second pair still didn't fit  they run really small  i would probably need one maybe two sizes larger than normal to achieve the fit and feel of the other skinny jeans in my closet:(
I ordered this in size xl. the ivory was as pictured. the lace details were well-done. but  the length was much shorter than on the model. i'm 5 ft. 5 1/2 in. for reference. even the sleeves were on the short side  above my wrists. the main problem is how much it shed. just in trying it on  there was fuzz everywhere so i returned it. i love when retailer mixes lace into the knit of sweaters. this one just didn't work out.
This dress is really cute in person. however  it did not fit me like it does the model in the pic at all. first of all i'm 5 feet 1 and it was wayyy too short on me. i didn't have the petit on either-- i had the regular xs. it just hits a couple of inches too short for me. i am 50. it would be adorable if i were more comfortable in shorter dresses. i wear short things a lot  but this was just too high on me. it was probably a good 8 inches above my knee. also it flared too dramatically at the wa
Tried this dress in a small. i am 5'6"  135lbs  34c. the small was huge - the sash helped some  but looked like a potato sack on me. also  i noticed the fabric was piling slighly in the store. i had high hopes for this dress but left this one in the store.
Beautiful beautiful beautiful! goes great with pilcro stet big rise grey jeans and deep green hei jeans. i wear this on shoulders vs off. so lovely . beautiful rich earth tone colors and live the lace bottom. can dress up with black skirt or black skinnies and heels. highly recommend.
Color is very nice and dark  with just a little fading around the knee. i sized down to 25 from my usual 26-27 (5.4' 120 lb).
This sweater is just the cutest- sweet and feminine with interesting details especially in the back. it's very figure flattering worn closed (there are 3 adorable little buttons) or it can be worn open over a dress or a cami. it runs very small  i usually wear a small or extra small but i bought this one in a medium  mindful of the reviews. i'm so glad i did since in addition to running small the sweater did shrink a little when i washed it even though i hand washed it in cold water. it wasn't a
I run between an xs and s in most retailer shirts. i went with the xs in this one and was glad i did. the fit is lovely and flattering. i loved this shirt the second i put it on -- then went to order it in another color.
I loved this sweater! it is a little thin  so i will probably wear a tank under it  but you could probably get away without one  i am normally either an xs or a small  and i got the xs in this sweater. the bottom is a little loose like in the models photo  but i really like it.
Thought this looked so cute  especially for averting frame. it arrived and was too large  the fabric felt super cheap  and the lace detail on the shoulders was very prominent.... and not in a good way. returned.
This top runs very large. i am a size 12/14 & purchased the size l. i could have easily fit in the size m. it's a pretty top in a comfortable knit fabric   but the size was overwhelming so i returned it.
This coat is a perfect fall to winter transition coat. it is surprisingly warm in 50 degree weather  so i'm sure it will be warm enough in 30-40 degree weather with some added layers. the only thing to note is that it is unlined and the material is soft so it may be prone to pilling. can be worn casually  to work  and dressed up.
This is a super cute tank- fits good  flowy and airy which is exactly what i had in mind for summer. fits good.
This tank caught my eye when it first came out couple of months ago  love the colors and the embroidery especially. the colors on top beautifu and it will complement any skin tone and the bottom is neutral so that this top will go with any bottom. this flows too goes great with skinny jeans and flats or put a strappy heels on and it's perfect for evening outings.
This sweater is stunning. it is extremely well made. tons of tiny little embellishments that get noticed even by the most discerning eye! i've received so many compliments on it. if you want it to fit generously or with extra roominess  i recommend ordering one size up. it fits true to size.
This t-shirt is perfect for summer. light  breezy & easy. i'm 5'4.5"  34dd  150 lbs- m fits well. the front and the arms fit like a t-shirt  which means it looks busty for me. but that's how t-shirts always are for me. the back has something extra and that's the reason i'm keeping it.
This is a great easy to wear summer dress. a denim jacket would look adorable to wear on a cooler night. it runs a bit small in the waist and i bought the petite because i wanted it to be above the knee summer casual. it is very flattering because of the pattern detail by the waist. it is the perfect summer dress and best of all it is machine washable!
This item states you should wash in cold water and tumble dry low heat. it shrunk after first wash in cold water and i didn&#39;t even use the dryer. do not wash. real bummer..
I just bought this top yesterday in the yellow. i can't wait until it warms up a little more to wear it. it's very comfortable and very cute. i did have to size down. i may get one of the other prints as well.
Agree with other reviewer that this is massive even for a cape. unflattering overall. i normally wear a size 2 of 4 and bought this in an xs and two of me can easily fit into this with room to spare. unlined and it itches!
The overall styling was great  and the dress is super-cute  if a little thick (it's made of denim  after all). i ordered a size down from my normal  and even then  i was swimming in it. the worst part  and the aspect that will make me return it  is that the arm holes hang down so low that i'd have to wear a tank top under the dress. i'm returning it  though it is really cute and i love this brand. the arm holes killed it for me.
So much odd stuff going on here with the cut/fit. the top is sort of tight in the bust  even with a small chest. the sleeves are dolman-style and are billowy at the top  but then tight on even my skinny arms. the slip plus the dress itself took me a good 5 minutes to figure out how to put on...just too much effort. it is otherwise a beautiful pattern  color  and length. just a miss for me personally in the fit department. bummer!
I love the front of this shirt but i really should have paid more attention to the details of it. i would have realized the front and back are different materials  which i am not a fan of. i would have preferred the entire thing was made of the dressier front material instead of the jersey back. it's like a mullet  business in the front and party in the back. it's got great drape and is a beautiful blue though  so into rotation it goes.
This dress is huge. also  i was super disappointed in the fabric. i thought it would be silly like a georgette. but it was coarse  more like a poplin  and thin. i thought it looked cheap.
These pants run large than the true size. it is so comfortable and can be dress up or dressed down.
The high neck and "square-ness" did not work for me .. but might for someone else.
I ordered the cream colored duster after purchasing the grey one in store. i loved the grey one so much i had to get the other color. i love the length of the item. i am 5'9" and don't feel like it is too short for me to get the look. it is light weight so i did not get too warm in it and will be able to wear it much of the year. i did wear it open as i feel that it runs a tad tight on the arms and torso when buttoned. however  i prefer the look of it worn open so that was not a problem for me.
This is a beautiful coat nicely constructed and very warm. it was just too bulky for me and i looked 10 lbs heavier in it. i am 5'7" and 140 lbs. maybe it would be better suited to a more slender frame.
Great top but it runs smaller than other tops in this brand. the chest and arm area is small. otherwise this top is great. just plan to size up one or two sizes. length was nice. hit right at the waist.
This was my go to dress this past summer. so easy to wear and pair with cute wedges. perfect to dress up or down.
This shirt is so very pretty in person. the detail on the neckline and the lace up on the back are so cute and give the shirt just a bit of whimsy  making it more unique than your usual flowy t-shirt. it lays perfectly and the material is very soft and comfy. you can wear it casual or dress it up. i may get another one because this is the kind of shirt i will wear constantly!
I am obsessed with this dress. i wore it on new year's eve. i felt stunning in it. i can't wait to wear it again as soon as possible. very good quality. my regular size 6 fit me but i cannot gain not even a pound more :) i'm 5"7' 144lb. i'm between slender and curvy.
Great bra. fits well. works under tighter t-shirts. just be aware that the straps do clearly read calvin klein. more mauve than pink.
I love love this top  it look so much better than expected. i bought black because red wasn't available in my size. the style  print  and fit are perfect. the shirt-style hides flaws  and the top looks very good and stylish. it can be worn for formal or casual occasions. i keep looking to see if the red one is available in my size  i would buy it in every color. perfect!!
I really wanted to love this dress  but it just wasn't flattering on me. i have curves and i was hoping this would hug them in a joan on mad men way (sometimes these dresses that just hang on super thin models can look beautiful in a different way on a more voluptuous woman) but it was pretty shapeless on me. it also dips so low in the back that i would have to get a special bra to wear it. might be right for a more slender shape or someone who can go braless  but it didn't work for this short 
This is a stylish blouse with classic features as well as quirky features such as pleats and gathers. very flattering fit!
I have broader shoulders and thick arms  this dress does an amazing job slimming my arms and not making me appear top heavy!  i'm 5'4 125 lbs  the xs fit perfectly
Note to photographers: please don't cinch the wait of a blouse to make something look tailored when it isn't. this could have been a real win if it had been more simply executed. i'm petite  way too much fabric. returned.
I love the color and textures of this jacket. the shawl color adds interest while being cozy and fun. wish it ran a tad longer. otherwise a great mix and match piece.
This shirt is really cute and runs large. i am a true s and this shirt came as big as what i would call an l.    i get that its a boyfriend t-shirt feel but it was still surprising. if you're an s i suggest xxs and so forth.    the color is yellow but not as yellow as the picture shows.
I agree the light colored portion of dress is not vanilla; it is more beige color. i liked the dress a lot  it had a flattering fit on me  extremely comfortable and then i noticed the black mesh portion at top of dress. it did not lay flat at the outer sides between the mesh and floral fabrics like the picture. it poked out on both sides at least 1" which suddenly made the dress look cheap and ill fitting. i can guess either the mesh pattern piece was not cut correctly or it was not sewn correct
I love vintage lace so i was very excited to try on this dress. unfortunately  it just didn't work for me. i'm a larger  busty lady (size 14) and i tried on the xl. it fit fine  but did absolutely nothing for my figure. it just kind of hung on me. even with the belt tie i still feel like it didn't accentuate my waist line. i think this is better for someone with a straighter figure.
After the second wash  the stitching in the armpits completely fell apart. after sewing it back up  wearing it  and washing it a third time  the stitching in the other armpit completely fell apart as well. not sure if this was just a fluke  but it was very disappointing. now that both armpits are sewn and all other stitches are intact  i must say that this is a great dress. i would have returned the dress to retailer  but i've already washed and worn it  so again...very disappointing. i would say
This is a beautiful shirt  however the cut and drape were off. i'm only 104 pounds  but this top made me look pregnant. the fabric jutted out at the front. it's a shame  because it really is lovely. i sent it back.
I really wanted to like these  but they just didn't look right on my 5'3 sorta bulky frame. i have big thighs and always feel out of place wearing leggings  so maybe i'm just not the right target for these  but they looked so cute and i wanted to give them a try. the waist was too high for my liking  and the leg openings were too big and gave me a stumpified look.
I agree with the other reviews - runs small. would have been perfect if it actually was comfortable. waistband doesn't stretch all the way around. bummer.
I saw this dress online and loved the colors and whimsical embroidery . i thought it would be the perfect dress to wear on the weekend with cute sandals. i was excited when the dress arrived in the mail as the colors were vibrant and the material was soft and cozy. unfortunately this dress is huge. it is a rectangle with pockets. i bought the xxsp  my usual size and this dress was so big my sister was able to fit in it with me.this dress was beyond alterations. too bad it was a great idea but no
I found this jumpsuit at my local retailer it must have been a web order return i love it the fit is true size the colors are perfect it's very comfortable and gorgeous on and at the sale price i could not pass it up
This sweater is so beautiful  soft  and warm. the neck is a little different and meant to be worn off the shoulder. i don't wear it off the shoulder. if you just work with it a bit it will lay nicely. i get compliments every time i wear it!!
These leggings are so thick and soft! they feel like velvet on your skin. i am so  so happy with my purchase  and would recommend these to anyone who is looking for a unique  comfortable  and quality pair of leggings.
For anyone who loves lace. it fits pretty true to size. the size m length hits just to the top of the knee. i' 5' 4" tall. to lighten up the dress just a little so that it does not look as some have said "frumpy" i hemmed the liner so that the liner hem is half way up on the ruffle. this makes the dress look less heavy  more fun  and repeats the openness of the lace on top. love this dress! will be wore a lot for summer evenings out.
Loved the grey color and the design but the shirt ran huge. i ordered a 2 and it fit me like an extra large. i am 5'2" about 110 pounds and not flat chested.
I noticed some reviewers didn't like the loose shape of the dress. it is indeed a dress with a looser silhouette than most! but that's what makes it unique and expensive looking! i loved the extra material in the dress  especially in the back  it flowed gracefully and beautifully. i can imagine wearing this dress for many occasions and feeling instantly chic with minimal effort! :) it was also very figure flattering! i ordered the size l and it was a perfect knee length  so i would say this dres
I don't know that i'll keep this  although i really want to. i love the style and the fabric  and the length is perfect for me (i'm 5'3" and i ordered the petite length - it hits me below the knee). as another reviewer mentioned  this dress runs small in the chest area and does not provide any stretch. luckily for me  that wasn't an issue.    my trouble is this: the liner stops just above the slits on the side  and it's way more noticeable in person than in the photo. the liner is sewn in and yo
Just got this dress in an xl. i've never ordered from retailer before so i expected their clothes to run small. i was wrong. it's a beautiful high quality dress but i think it's just too big. i may end up exchanging it for a l. definitely size down in this dress!
This jumpsuit is absolutely fabulous. i normally don't wear jumpsuit but i like this one very much. it can be dresse down or dressied up. i really recommend this to everyone any shape who have. very relaxing and beautiful.
This tunic is a nice basic to have. it is like a light sweater knit. the arm holes are a little large and hang low but can easily be remedied by wearing a camisole underneath. nice with leggings or skinny jeans.
Received this blouse to wear for the holidays and was not disappointed. the design of the shirt is to be relaxed and flowing. i usually wear a medium which is what i ordered. the shirt fit fine but i probably could of managed with a small if i did not want it as relaxed. so if you are between sizes  you might want to size down. if i did order a small  the sleeves might of been a tad short since i have longer arms. the shirt is sheer  so you will need a cami underneath. i wore a black one which w
I really feel in love with the details of these joggers and they did not fail me when they arrived. i haven't worn them yet but tried them on and they seem like nice little relaxed wear with a tee shirt. i can see them being worn with a cami in warm weather or a relaxed tee shirt in a variety of colors. all in all   very versatile   and i recommend them.
This dress is perfect for anyone with an hour glass shape it is true to size  i am 5'3 and 125b the 2 petite fit perfectly. the fabric has a little give to it so if you have hips and a chest it will stretch a little without feeling tight and dress sinches in the waist creating a beautiful silhouette. it's the structure of this dress that makes it elegant and sexy. this dress is so figure flattering  i could not believe how many complements i've received on it.
This top is very wide and shorter than in appears in the picture. it also has a strong chemical smell. i've had a couple pieces with that smell in the past and the smell never washed out.
This sweater is much more cropped than shown. the sweater i received was only 24 inches long. the color of the trim is black  not the navy or plum that i expected. quality does seem good.
The lace on this top is pretty  and i liked the way it was styled in the product photos  but did nothing for me on. between the loose sleeves and the boxy cut of the front  it just sort of hung shapelessly on me. i also found the back to be much shorter than 30.5"--it came to a few inches below my hips and was not tunic length like i expected. the shoulders fit me well  and because the top was boxy already  i didn't want to size up for length. for reference i tried on xs (i'm 5'4"  120 lbs).
Saw this jacket online and decided to search in store for it! i found it  and although it definitely looks more mustard in the picture online compared to the bright yello it really is  i felt it fit very well! it runs large  i usually am a size 6  however  i ended up buying a size 4 for a more fitted cropped appearance. the material is heavy but made very well  and feels great on! i recommend this blazer for any female that wants to brighten her closet up for spring!
This dress is beautiful with gorgeous coloring  nice thick  stretchy fabric and wonderful detailing including buttons. the only issue i had with it is that it's does run small  especially in the bust. i'm normally a medium to large  depending on cut so after reading the previous reviews  i ordered a large and it's pretty snug. still deciding whether i will keep or try for an xl  which is doubtful in availability at this point. i ordered it with two other pieces  both of those a medium fit fine.
I love this top and it's so pretty in person.  knew it would be full but was hoping it wouldn't be too big.  it's perfect and looks good with jeans.
I ordered a size 12 and it was huge on me! very loose fitting dress. i didn't like the material either.
I purchased this dress on super sale and i'm so happy i did. it looks better on me than on the model and that's never the case. the material is soft corduroy with comfortable give. it moves with me. true to size (i ordered a size 8 and for reference  i'm 5'2"  140lbs  36c). love this staple fall/winter piece. i wore it to a conference for work with footless tights and a black cardigan. i can't say enough how comfortable it is on! it has a structured give if that makes any sense. love it!
This dress fits true to size. i ordered an xs like i usually wear as a small was falling off of me when i had tried on in store. the colors are more vibrant in person. it's a really pretty dress and is very well made. the fabric is solid and light weight. i don't think it would work for someone with a lot of curves unless they sized up though as it is a really straight dress that is meant to lay free.
Bought this dress for an indian wedding- it was perfect!
I bought this top as it is perfect for work under a blazer! the patten is pretty and eye catching  i love that it's 100% silk and has the tie in front so it's not too low for work. so chic and sophisticated!
The sweater is nice but is very thin. it is see-through which does not make it a good fall/winter item for me. the design & structure of the sweater is nice & looks slimming on which is a bonus. i originally ordered my regular size (s) but had to upgrade to a large in order to get the neck to fall on my shoulder as shown in the picture. this wasn't a problem since the sweater is form fitting so getting the larger size did not make it look too big. overall  i did not keep the seater as i thought
I finally ordered this at this incredible mark downed price...but i see why. it is cute  but serious size issues  i have a bust but smaller everywhere else but i did order up because of it being a jumpsuit...i would have needed 6" more to even zip the top part! i have many trendy jumpsuits in my closet and this is a first! if you are flat chested you may want to try at this great price as it would be a great piece for sitting by the fireside next fall/winter...never too soon to plan ahead!
Adorable! great for yoga or everyday use. can even fit a strapless bra under with no showing(i purchased the black). i'm 5'4"  usually a 6-8 and it fit great.
This tee is super comfortable. it feels and looks like a well worn favorite right off the rack. although it only comes in s-m-l sizes and i wear an xs ( 32a/b  105 lbs) the small fits well. no gaping armhoes to worry about. the pics don't show that the tee does trapeze out somewhat but it is not to worry about. i purchased the reddish color which is a wonderful faded maroon shade. i will be getting the black one as well.
I was so so excited to get this sweater in the mail. unfortunately  the sweater is lined with the same material (very soft and warm btw) as the polka dots  which sheds like crazy. i wore a white tshirt under this for the first time  and my shirt was covered in black fuzz by the end of the day. so much so that i was gathering balls of it to be thrown away. very disappointed. a lint roller can't even clean up the tshirt.  in terms of sizing  this fits tts  i normally wear a l or xl  got this in an
......not for the long waisted. i immediately ordered this top when i saw it online. the embroidery is beuatiful (although it will require extra care). the soft lavendar color was a breathe of fresh air. however  i felt like i was wearing a maternity top as it hung oddly on my slim  5'9" frame. i am long waisted so perhaps petites will find this top works for them. i agree with the other reviewer that indicated the arm openings are a bit large and deep. sadly  this one went back....
I bought the m/l (5'4" 130lb) and love the way it hangs and the length  and the fact that it can be worn over a lightweight top. the color and feel of the fabric are very nice.
It's not totally apparent in all of the photos  but this dress does have a very noticeable a-symmetric hemline. i have read other reviewers that have said this dress is "forgiving" and a good choice for people with an hourglass frame. if you are truly an hourglass (small waist  larger shoulders and hips due to bone structure rather than weight ) this dress is a poor choice. the fabric of this dress tends to cling to the outermost hip  and the a-symmetry of this particular hemline not only draws
Love the fit of the jeans just wish there was a couple more inches at the bottom:) these jeans have a 23 inch inseam not 26  so they hit at a very odd place on my calf- return. for reference i'm 5'8 
This is a lovely dress. it is on the heavy side and lined  so i would not recommend for hot summer wear. but the material and style are adorable. the skirt is definitely a-line  not sheath  but i prefer that. it runs a tad too tight in the chest  so if you're between sizes in the bust  i'd order up. that said  a 6 would be too big for me. i'm 5'4  120 lbs and 34c and usually wear a 4.
This is such an incredible jacket. total show stopper and well worth the investment.
Yikes. there is a whole lot of skirt here. i am 5"4  weigh around 120 lb  and usually wear anywhere between a four and six in retailer clothing  depending on the designer. this skirt balloons out from the waist. on the website it seems to flow more naturally from the waist. i think that the flowers are cute but the material is cheap looking. the skirt is very long- hitting way below mid-calf. there is also tons of material - creating a parachute effect. definitely returning.
This was so unflattering. the bust was too high so it hit me weird on the boobs. the green was a beautiful  vibrant color but the fabric is so delicate that one wrong move would cause a snag.
Had high hopes for this seemingly cute skirt to use as a basic in my spring and summer outfits. however  that was not the case. this skirt is not lined and the material is so so. basically  for the price  i was underwhelmed and will return it.
It is a cute top and i loved the fit and it's super soft feel  but i'm kind of getting tired of the sheer shirt thing this year. i bought this for the summer and it's hot here so not wanting to have to wear a shirt under my shirt. it's not crazy sheer  but still undecided. if you live in a state with no sweat  you'll probably be fine. :) i'll have to walk around and try it in different lighting situations and think about it?
When this appeared on line  i thought t would be a sure thing  color (blue)  cut and style  this dress appeared to have been made for me  but i ultimately i ended up returning it for several reasons. fit: i was worried about the length on my 5'5" frame but it was actually long enough. i have narrow shoulders and average arms but i found the shoulders or maybe it was the upper arms to run slightly small in my regular size which caused some strange poofing at the shoulders. not sure if going up a
The design on the blue sweater is actually a dark navy (not black  as i thought it was)  but it still looks beautiful with black underneath. rather than jeans like it's shown  the v-neck is a nice change from other cardigans i have - looks great with a cami or another v-neck underneath it. soft  nice medium-weight and not at all itchy. happy with this as an easy everyday sweater.
I was so excited to try this on--but this was a big nope for me unfortunately. i ordered both an xs and s (i normally wear a s)  both hung horribly on me  they were just too big. i love a boxy  oversized silhouette but this sadly didn't flatter me in the least.
No. this is one of the most unflattering things i've ever put on my body. i'm a very well-proportioned hourglass - i tend to wear a small despite a booty and 36d chest - this made me look huge. don't do it.
I originally bought this dress in another color back when retailer was doing the 25% off dresses promotion a few months ago. i had seen it on a store associate at my local store and absolutely loved it  but hemmed and hawed at the original price. it was a splurge even at 25% off  but as soon as i put it on i was in love. this dress is so soft. i wore it to see some old friends  and after every hug i received a comment about how unbelievably soft it was! the material is thick enough to have a decen
Love love love this dress! the fit is amazing and is slimming. although the lace is delicate looking  it wears well.
I love this shirt because it's casual yet fun! the first time i wore it i received several compliments because of the fun tassels.
I love this dress but when i put it on i was aghast! the chest was tight and the body was voluminous!! added the pounds which no wants! best left to the waify girls.
This top has a nice print and material.  being a full figure  it helps when a material stays put instead of being too flowy.  not very keen about the straps.  they're a bit longer for me  so they don't stay on my shoulders.  i'll keep it and adjust the straps.
I love the material on these shorts. unfortunately  that's all i love. the fit is awkward and i'm an easy fit. they're boxy in the body / legs and a bit tight in the waist  causing me to not be sure whether to place the elastic waist higher or lower and neither one works well. sadly  couldn't keep these just for the pretty fabric.
After reading the glowing reviews i was excited to buy this on sale. i'm tall and lean  but found the dress looked slightly awkward and off on me compared to the model pictures. firstly  the top has a strange transition to the skirt  with extra fabric you have to either blouse over the skirt or bunch together. if you blouse it and lay flat  it invariably gets bunched as you wear it. this bunching changes the aesthetics of the color blocks  creating less clean lines. i also found the blue  black
Nicely designed romper with an wide elastic waist band that can be worn on the hips or around the waist. not too short for this 60+ body and very comfy. i wear either a med. or large and went with large for this. a good buy.
Nice material  hits high waisted  mine was a return that was not repacked and was just balled in the bag and was so wrinkled that even if it looked good  you couldn't tell. very disappointed to have it arrive in that condition-so not typical of retailer.
This is a cute top with jeans for spring and summer  or warmer climates - very fresh and airy. the fabric hangs nicely and although it is lightweight  it is not too thin or see through. ii does not get overly wrinkled either. the style is flattering for most body types and it can be dressed up or down. the v neck is just right: not too deep that you feel like you are showing too much cleavage  but deep enough to be feminine and slimming. i normally wear a size s in retailer tops and blouses
Very cute dress but the skirt flares out more than it looks in the picture. this made my midsection look unflattering from the side. also  for some who is on the flat chested side  you need a good bra or alteration (at least for me). despite what i listed above  i kept the dress since it's a versatile dress for many occasions.
This jacket is a real treasure and i could never have seen how substantial the embroidery is from the photo. also from the pic the jacket looks like a thin cotton  but on the contrary it is a wonderful weight with a feel like denim. the embroidery is a wonderful texture like heavy string or thin rope so it really has dimension... . i loved it so much i got the sweatshirt also by the same designer. can't wait until cooler weather so i may live in it! also when you have it on for a bit it seems to
This wears nicely  and is true to photo. flattering in the waist  and on a petite  everything fell in the right places. i also like the lightweight creppy skirt fabric. just one design note - the tie is sort of strange. essentially  there's a long tube of fabric coming out of each side of the bust - and it looks very odd when the ties are undone.
I love this sweater. my only worry is that i'll constantly be catching the little loops on things and getting it all messed up. i haven't been able to wear it out yet  so we'll see! i'll just have to be careful :)
I ordered this dress and have sent it back. i think it could be a flattering dress; the waist hit quite a bit above my natural waist which made the entire thing fit weirdly. i am very long waisted  so this might just be a problem for me. i ordered regular size 2.
This is the kind of blouse you want at your reach when dressing on a humid day. cotton enhanced with beautiful detail. a very classic timeless  ageless piece. i bought the medium  which fits perfectly (size 8 top  34f). my only ding is that the neck opening should be stitched less deep; there is a gap. funny thing is that  in the photo  the model's blouse is pinned exactly where i'm talking about. i didn't take off a star because i had a dressmaker fix the problem  but this was annoying. i wore
This top is very nice. i ordered it in black  it looked very good. the embroidery and pleated details give it a very nice look. the fabric  however  feels like heavy cotton. it didn't feel very soft and comfortable  it was a bit hard for me to wear because i usually prefer soft cotton. while i think this will retain it's shape and not stretch like softer cotton  i am sending it back. it felt a bit heavy to wear.
I absolutely love the fit of these jeans! they are perfect in length and fit nicely on the hips. they are fitted and look nice with boots  but they do not feel tight at all because of the legging material. legging material  while comfortable  typically feels thin  but these do not and they are quite warm.  the one major drawback is that the pants have pilled on the thighs. i have had these pants for about 1.5 months now and i have washed them (and have hang dried them) about 4 times. i have neve
I love the look of this blouse and i like the light weight material. it would require a camisole underneath but could be worn at the office or a night out. i purchased a size 4 and it fit perfect once i was able to get it on so i wouldn't want a larger size but because it doesn't button down all the way and it's so fitted in the waist it was nearly impossible to get it on and off over my shoulders  there's no give at all. sadly i'm going to have to return it.
This dress is stunning  no doubt - a shimmering forest green under a black teardrop motif  thick material  nicely cut  with pocket panels that are forgiving to a belly. however  the fact that this dress has zero stretch (which is fine  if that's what you're looking for)  coupled with what is quite possibly the cheapest zipper ever manufactured  make this dress exhausting to put on. i'm normally a 14/16 at retailer  and i ordered the 16 just to be safe  and the waist is exactly the size of my waist
I usually wear a 2-4 in retailer dresses and i was surprised the xs fit better than the s. very pretty  really perfect color for fall. i like that it's not tight or constricting so you can wear it for every day and not feel like it's difficult to move around. the longer length is nice too for. bonus that it's not dry clean only. my only problem with this dress is it's all polyester  which is just cheap fabric. if it wasn't for that  i'd give it 5 stars.
I saw this online and loved it. plus after reading the reviews i thought why not. but if you have a big chest beware. i am a 34ddd and a pretty solid medium. the volumous front of the vest added way to much to me and i sized down to a small. had to return.
The top is nice  good quality  etc.... but how do you keep the 'off the shoulder' off the shoulder? mine keeps inching up until it's just a boring white top with a strange loose neckline.
I really loved this dress. it ran small but it was also shorter than i imagined which was only worsened because i'm curvier on top. would be great for slender figures.
I bought the orange color. i had a hard time styling it as it is so long. since it is a turtleneck and short sleeve  you'll need a jacket or sweater on top. nothing looked right. it has a relatively high and tight neck  so sweaters looked weird. short jackets didn't work either. i'm 5'4" and bought the small. returned it for the charente cowl neck which worked much better
The green is vibrant and beautiful  and the sweater is very soft.
I got this shirt in a medium  my normal retailer size and while the short fit  the front is cropped! i am a fan of the tops that are shorter in the front and longer in the back  however this was just too short in the front. my belly button was exposed  and that wasn't the look displayed on the model. unfortunately this top is going back to the store.
The romper is well made and just plain cute. i bought it the second i saw it and don't regret my impulse buy one bit. 135 5'5" and the small fit perfectly.
Very cute dress  but fabric is very flimsy and seams were very puckered which couldn't be pressed out.
Too much of a good thing is...still too much. there's too much flounce on this jacket for me--the waist sits slightly high  and the incredible amount of fabric beneath it (when you twill around  it's basically a full circle) makes my hips look huge. if there were about 1/3rd (not 1/2  but 1/3) the amount of fabric to the skirt  i'd be totally in love.   as it is  i'll be returning it.
I was looking for a dress for playing cello at my friend's wedding. the colors looked perfect  the cut was great  etc. very disappointed to find out how sparkly and scratchy the dress was in person  and sad that the slit came right to my knee  which is a really weird height. sadly returning - might purchase again if it goes on sale and i can't find anything better before the wedding :(
Looking for a stylish rain resistant coat to wear to ireland this fall and looks like this could fit the bill. the 30inch length is perfect. the faux fur lined collar and opening edges is a lovely touch  fur ends about 6 inches in so not fully lined  but great for weather in 50's-low 60's with a sweater added . ample room for that. i love the look  wish the pockets were just a bit bigger  i can barely fit my hand in. but overall i think it's a keeper.  i ordered m/l and am usually a medium or la
This is a very nice jacket in a pretty textured fabric. it seems to fit tts  and the cut is very flattering. however - the "white" is actually ivory. not a big deal  unless you were trying to match an outfit with pure white in it. still on the fence about whether to keep it or not.
I really liked this dress. ultimately  the turtleneck isn't as flattering on me  but it was a tough choice. the fabric is nice  the style is nice  and it would be easy to wear.
I had loved this on-line when i saw the pretty floral pattern. however  in person  it is such a disappointment. the quality of the fabric and the fit are just very poor.
I wanted to love this dress as it would have been perfect for a wedding i have in october however  the fit was awful;. the dress was heavy with a funky liner. it also had these little black straps around the top of the arm/neck that looked out of place. it ran true to size but i have a large chest (32dd) and it was pretty fitted around the area but loose everywhere else.     sadly  dress had to be returned.
I wanted to love this dress. i ordered an xsmall and a small. i am 5'6" and 110 lbs  slender build. the xsmall fit great everywhere but the waist band was completely out of portion for the dress. both sizes will have to be returned. possibly if you have a more straight up and down figure it will fit better and pull in your waist!
Agree 100% with other reviews. this dress flares a lot so it does resemble a tent. to size down causes a problem in the shoulders. i had to keep the 8 - which is what i usually wear to accommodate my broad shoulders but i love it so much i am having it altered to taper and adding the pockets you would expect a dress like this to have. at this price i am hoping it's worth it.
Bummed out.. this is super cheaply made and very expensive... the design is different   the color is beautiful  but the material is a different story.. it should be priced at the most 30 bucks.. not 128.. i'm returning them. also  they run very big..!
Great material that drapes nicely. super comfy  feels cool but it's a thick material--not at all see through. so happy i purchased this. and super easy with the snap buttons  but the shirt is very well made and high-quality material. would look great on all sizes and shapes. i'm 5' 4" and about 140  small chest. normally i'm a s or m with tops but bought this in a m because i like a slightly oversized shirt  though it's also made to be looser and longer. still  at 5' 4" i'm not swimming in a m.
I loved the design online but the sweater is bulky and boxy. i had chosen the cream with blue and now looking back at the other pictures of the beige/cream it represents it better. it made me look very wide. loved it online but it wasn't for me  returned it.
I wanted to love this dress - and did from the picture online. when it arrived  the black already looked faded and old. also  the embroidery looks like a grandma  but not in a cute vintage way. the fabric is stiff  which causes a boxy  unflattering look. had to return it.
I find it very hard to find a dress. never like the way they look on me..this one???? fits like a glove  flatters my silhouette (which is difficult because even though i am at a good weight my waist is never small). looks like million bucks on me....i love it!!!
I am undecided if i will keep this dress or not. i am 5/4  155 lbs and ordered both the small and medium. the medium was comically large on me  with broad shoulders and a sack-like appearance. but the small fit very well and felt very french girl chic. the brownish-greenish color is really stunning in person  like a greenish copper. and the gathered sleeves elevate this into a dressier look. but the material is sheer  so you would need to wear a slip  and the elastic waist still has somewhat of
I love ponchos and the colors are gorgeous  but the pictures make it look much longer than it is. i would've loved it if i were petite but i personally don't think it's meant for taller people. such a shame.
Bought this in navy in the spring and this fall in green. i am 5'10" and 57 with very long legs and they are too short to be work appropriate as a dress  at least for me. i wear both with leggings  short boots and a variety of jackets and love them. they feel like butter against the skin and are incredible comfortable. recommend. for reference i'm about 157# and an athletic/straight build and bought m in the blue and l in the green. go figure.
The design of this sweater is odd. it made me feel very "round" when i put it on. the sleeves were wide. the other reviewers were correct in saying that it's a thick sweater  which i thought i'd like. the torso was slimmer and longer than i expected. it really was the odd design of the sleeves that made me not like this sweater.
This is a great sweater/poncho. is a little short so i wear a t shirt underneath. great color and looks good with black pants or skinny jeans.
Very good quality. love the length of it. i wore it with a belt  since on me without it looked a bit too big. i bought the blue one.
Beautiful print  however as the previous reviewer mentioned it is very sheer  much sheerer than the product shot shows. i was expecting to be able to wear a nude bra under this without a cami  however my nude bra was completely visible.  the top also ended at the middle of the zipper of my jeans  so much shorter than the tunic length shown  and the bottom half of the sleeves ballooned out much more noticeably in person (the top half of the sleeves are slim  and the bottom half are looser).  over
The shirt is beautiful  but fits much too small. the stitching limits the space in your shoulders  and the hem too short. a petite frame would be able to pull this off- but i am a 5.10" medium  and the shirt didn't work in every direction.
This is the first thing i saw when i walked into retailer and immediately snagged it. it is so flattering and true to size. pretty colors  unusual styling. there is nothing about this beauty that i don't like!
This top is a tough one. i ordered my usual medium. i'm 5'7"  165 lbs  34c  and wear a 10/m pretty much all the time (tops and bottoms). let's begin:  the bad: when i tried it on  i found the bust to be too small  and the darting on the sides puckered in a very non-flattering way. the ruffle at the neck stood up more like a mock turtleneck (which is not my scene). also  the fabric seemed a little thin for chambray.  the good: the pattern is adorable. the sleeveless design would be great under bl
Super cute! very light and flowy. i ordered the black. packs well wasn't wrinkly when i took it out of the suitcase.  i ordered the black. so happy with my purchase.
Love the idea of this but it ran short and boxier than i would have liked. material is soft  cute design but not flattering. returning
This is a beautiful skirt and such a great piece to collect from erin fetherston.  the design and cut are very flattering on a variety of body types. i have more of a curvy shape and love this type of cut to accentuate my smaller waste (rather than fitted dresses/skirts that hug).  there are several linings that help give shape and volume. the stripes are made of ribbon. it's so gorgeous  i've received many compliments. i've paired with a sequin tank and glitter keds by kate spade...it's a dynam
Feels a bit more tunic than blouse but it's a lovely piece all the same.
I think in general it is just hard to buy a bathing suit online  but i really underestimated the v-neck of this suit. i read the reviews and noted it was not recommended for girls with larger size breast. as i'm basically an a cup  i figured i would be fine. the top portion basically has no coverage or hold. even when tied very tight  the top still opened making me feel exposed and like my entire breast would fall out of the suit. needless to say my fiancã© was not a fan of the suit either. even
Looking for the perfect camisole that smooths the flab  keeps you warm or cool as appropriate  doesn't ride up  and looks good? this is it! it takes a bit of extra effort to get this cami over your head and pulled down  but once you do  you say "ahhh!" it feels good and is a blessing--a seamless bit of control of middle-age  middle-body flab. for sizing: i wear a size 4 in most clothes  and in this cami  i can wear a small/medium or a medium/large. the former pulls in more  but the later gives m
I honestly don't understand whey this top isn't sold out. i have it in both colors and love it! it's a cool  gauzy woven fabric  super soft and perfect for warm weather. the white fabric is doubled so it's not see-through  the pink (more of a pale terracotta) is doubled halfway up  so it's slightly sheer on top but your pants/skirt waistband will not show through. it is a loose-fitting top  so you may be able to size down. i usually wear size 4p  but it was sold out so i got regular size 2 and i
This skirt manages to be both sophisticated and whimsical. it's well-made  classy  feminine  and timeless. love it!
Wore this dress for my bridal shower and got a ton of compliments! it fits great and is very well made!
This is so bulky and itchy...could not stand to have it on! i'm a 6/8 & ordered the small  but it was still gigantic.
In my opinion  for this amount of money  the dress needs to be something really different. and this one isn't. it has several structural issues and it seems to have a split personality (summery material  dark color  flirty and fun...but overly conservative up top.)  initially  the top portion is extremely sheer. you're saved (a bit) by the extra fabric at the front  but it still seemed odd that the top isn't lined - particularly for a dress meant for winter.  there's too much going on up top. th
This top is light and swingy with a bold pattern that looks even better in person. the neckline is very high  which was a surprise for a summer tank  but it's cut well. nice surprise: on seem pockets! wore it today for the first time and received many comments. a keeper. fits true to size and perfect for my petite build up top.
This is a nice dress  but i'm glad i tried it on in the store. not for women with bigger breasts. i'm 36d and size 10 didn't fit me on top. lace part was too short to cover the whole area. other than that color is great .
Lets discuss the neckline: it's fabulous! furthermore  this sweater can go anywhere  it's dress up  dress down.  feeling low? this girl will lift you up and take you to town.
This shirt is so small. i am not sure who came up with the sizing but you have to go up several sizes to get a comfortable fit. don't waste your time on this shirt. such a shame  it could have been very cute.
I ordered it with a particular outfit in mind as i liked the purple (burgundy) color. ordered xxsp  as with most t-shirts at retailer  they run a little big. xxs seems to be my new xs (which used to be s!).    color was nice   fit was good too  i just felt not "special" enough... but if you are looking for a tshirt  then i say give it a try  as it was comfortable and the shape at least is unusual.    for reference  115 lbs  30dd  26.5 in waist
Even on sale sale...this tank is not worth the money. the design in the back is adorable & would expect it to be so much better quality but the fabric is flimsy(think old man white tanks that come in a pack) completely see through and lack of shape..i wanted to love this but definitely photographed significantly better than actuality!
The fabric  colors and concept are fabulous but the pleating is overdone is it looks huge not swingy! i am 5' 9" and 135lbs. and even an x-small was too billowy to be cute. too bad- it's otherwise so great!
This blazer is a nice weight for summer. it is more terracotta than rose  but is still a nice color. the fit is tts and flattering. however  the buttons were almost falling off the one i received. i didn't take this as a sign of great quality and plan to return it.
This dress is made well. love the design and the colors. i ordered a size 2 and it was smaller than i expected. but overall quality of this dress is so worth the price.
Maybe i just have the wrong body type for these jeans  but even though they technically fit  i felt like they looked like "mom jeans" on me. i was fine with the high waist  which actually made them very comfortable  but the ankles were loose and long on me  where most ag ankle jeans are a perfect length. the quality is good though--the fabric is substantial and a bit stiffer than most of my other ag's  and the color is a nice saturated black. i tried on a size 27  and i'm 5'4"  120 lbs.
Seems there was a design defect in this item--sleeves are way too tight and hardly go on without ripping the shirt. i have pretty thin arms so it's hard to imagine this not happening on anyone. too bad because it's otherwise a very nice top.
I read other reviews that there was extra fabric in the stomach area and knew it'd be perfect for me to wear to a wedding at 20 weeks pregnant. and it was! i got tons of compliments. it accented my baby bump perfectly  fitted but not too tight.  the pleats at the top create a nice shape for the bump. very comfortable for an outdoor wedding. my only complaint is that the armholes are rather tight. after pregnancy i will try belting the dress.
Hangs terribly off the chest. tent-like. looks maternity. no thanks.
The reason for the title above is this skirt doesn't wow me. i felt like i could find this anywhere  and i don't go to retailer for such things. they have definitely mainstreamed more and more over the years....  __________  pros:  - tts. i tried on a large (and i'm normally either a 10 or 12) and it fit well and hung well on my hourglass and wider hips without billowing out.  - flows nicely! it does have a great movement to it.  - a good everyday skirt.  - not sheer at all. it is lined.  - when y
I tried this on in my usual xs (5'5"  128lbs) and it fit like a dream. i was instantly in love. until i looked from the side and realized it was cut up way too short. i have a longer torso and shorter legs and this came up past my finger tips if i stood with my arms down. no way could i wear this as a dress. as a tunic definitely though  but i was really hoping to find a nice  versatile fall dress. it was a let down but i still may consider purchasing it because the material was so soft and it f
Like the other reviewers i was disappointed to receive the gray dotted sweatshirt with a zipper down the center when it was not in the model picture. looks like this item has since been removed from this listing...would have been nice to have the correct item pictured in the first place.
Love this top. tried it on in the store and had to have it. did not find it too sheer and could wear my regular bra with it  as the shoulders fit where the straps are. got tons of compliments on it. would have bought in more colors if offered i loved it that much. the perfect bohemian hippie chic top  if there is such a style!
So  this dress is extremely comfortable  but it's just really awkward. i am on the fence about keeping it  my husband loves it and thinks i should. it just draws attention to the belly  so any issues after having kids  is very noticeable. not to mention the huge cutouts for the arms. very comfortable  but not sure if i will keep it.
Love the way this top layers under my jackets and sweaters! so romantic and pretty. i am not experiencing the over pouf at the waist that a previous reviewer complained about. the fabric is slightly itchy and the top shipped to my house has misshapen shoulder bumps from the store hanger. all the beautiful styling pics done by retailer employees on ig is what made me want this blouse. whatever is going on with the model shot really really really does not represent how cute this top looks. in fact 
Not for everyone - this coat has an intentional slightly oversized body and sleeves  with a short sleeve length  and a heavy fabric that is perfect for cold california winters (and maybe fall weather everywhere else). the weight comes from what seems to be a lining of a heavy hunter -green-colored neoprene-like substance. it definitely feels substantial and worth the price. a coat like this would look amazing with crisp  clean lines  culottes  joggers  flatforms/clogs  or can transfer into workw
This sweater is absolutely beautiful. the shape is very flattering both tied in front and in back. the wool is nice and soft and the color is a nice neutral that will pair well with anything. the stitching is a nice added detail that makes this sweater somethig special. it is a great addition to any wardrobe and i'm thrilled that it is part of mine. i can't wait to wear it!
This top runs larger so size down. i love it besides that. it's adorable!
This jumpsuit is so cute and it looked amazing on. i had to return it because of the poor design. it was extremely hard to put on and take off! there are so many buttons to do and undo which are not as easy as snaps! the fabric buttons definitely make a great look to the jumpsuit but there should be a zipper on the side for easy access  or use snaps instead of the loops for the fabric buttons. what a shame of a lovely and classy design on a good quality material  but not worth it if it's difficu
I purchased this beauty in the sophisticated dark green on black friday and it has been in constant rotation. it looks chic and classy  feels comfortable and warm. i only wish it was about 2 inches longer  i'm 5'5 and it hits at low thigh  i prefer just above the knee for a winter dress. very practical for walking around city all day and then being ready for a dinner or drinks in style. love it.
I tried this on when i saw it hanging in the dressing room. i was pleasantly surprised by this piece. the color is beautiful - not too yellow - not too brown. i have not worn it yet so i'm assuming it will hold up pretty well considering my other pieces from this designer are still looking good with several wears. i bought this in a small size so it does not hang down like it does on the model. perhaps that's why i don't need a cami underneath.
In a word .. clingy ... and not in good way. long so you need it to flow not cling. liked the back  but front was just too clingy. back it goes.
This shirt is amazing. it's soft  comfortable. i can't speak yet as to how well it will hold up but i plan on wearing it a lot. the cut is great  the shirt flutters away from under the empire waist line and the nylon patch in the back  creating a flattering shape without clinging anywhere. the sleeves are nice  long  and fitted.  this shirt will work great as a winter/fall basic piece but the texture  color  and contrast detail in the back make it interesting on its own. very versatile.  the col
I truly cannot understand the great reviews on this dress!  i purchased in both a sp and a mp.  i am 5'2" 120#.  the mp fit perfectly.  i definitely wouldn't keep it though because it looks like someone sewed a bunch of old sweatshirts together.  it's not super soft  coarse on the inside  and feels old.  the back is longer than the front  it just looks like something my daughter would make in sewing class out of scraps.  even with leggings and great boots  it looks worn.
Love! received so many compliments! it can be dressed up or down and is so comfortable.  i did order a l  based on the reviews  but found it to be big.  i would've returned for a m  but it was sold out and i didn't want to risk not having it at all so i kept.
Beautiful and versatile dress but shoddy quality. i hand washed (per the instructions) it after wearing it once  and the sleeves are already falling apart.
The top was very small. i am usually a size small but this was tight around the top  arm holes and it was short. also i didn't notice if it said it was sheer ( see through) in the description but it definitely requires another shirt underneath.
I bought these last year and loved them  however they came in tall sizes. this year they do not and the inseam is just way too short  even at 33". im 5'7" and  they barely graze the floor with no break in the pant leg. i prefer to wear them with boots and they will not be long enough even with a short heal
I love this skirt and wish i could keep it. but it is not for the vertically challenged. i am 5'0" 130 lbs and the medium petite was about 4 in too long  even with wedges. my intent was to wear this with sandals so i have to return. boo.
Saw this dress in the retailer catalog and tried on in store. didn't need a dress but ended up purchasing as will be wearable for summer/early fall. seems like a print dress cut and style that will be used for many seasons. outer fabric is a bit delicate/may snag  and a bit wrinkly as another reviewer said  but works with the dress.
These are absolutely beautiful pants. soft and wearable right away  but the other reviewer is right. if you are average or short  these will be way too long. they won't even look like cropped pants  just regular wide leg jeans. i am keeping them b/c i love the look and i will also have them altered to be shorter. it's disappointing that these were designed for the statuesque instead of the other 90% of us  especially considering the amazingly high price for a pair of jeans. so... i guess i am di
I thought it would have been heavier  surprised it was so thin but it works. i live in the deep south so it doesn't get that cold. i wore it to dinner with a black top and jeans  it was super cute. i'm happy with my purchase.
I ordered this dress online. the colors are pretty (if you like pastels) and the fit is true to size  however  it fits very much like a maternity dress. for those of you rocking a baby bump  this is a good choice. for others who are not  it's just not flattering. my figure got lost in the dress and the high waist did not look good on me. i returned it.
Based on the strength of the other reviews  i thought this sweater would be amazing  but i was disappointed. the knit is very thin  cheap looking and weak that it won't last a season undamaged. it reminds me of a duster i bought 15 years ago at a discount fast-fashion retailer when i was a student. sloppy looking with lots of creases out of the package. collar is odd and the sleeve openings have an annoying flare. the drape is not structured enough--everything about this screams over priced bath
I love  love this wide leg pants! they feel beautiful on and fit like a glove. i do think they run a bit small in the waist  because they were a bit too tight in my regular size. typically  cloths are a little too large in the waist on me (i have a curvy/athletic figure). as other reviewers stated  they pants are long  but they are great length for wedges. otherwise  i would recommend having the length tailored.
This top is super cute  however the bottom hem is all frayed....couldn't really tell that from the pictures. the "flutter" sleeves are too big...looks funny with the fraying...runs a little large as well. loved the color! perfect with white denim!
My favorite of the season. i purchased the grey sweater while shopping with girlfriends. i love it so much i'll be purchasing the brown as well. i would normally wear a m/l but tried it on and purchased a s. i don't like very fitted items. however  a small fit perfectly on me. this item runs big.
The design of the pant hangs nicely and fit well 
I love this top! it is modest enough for work  but fun enough for weekends. soft  comfortable  and lovely pink color. i want it in every color! (it seems to only come in two colors  though.)  soft flowy fabric  is lined with a soft inner fabric as well. super flattering for any body type!
Have been looking for a motorcycle style sweater for a while and hit the jackpot with this one. i have a large 34g bust and it's hard to find one without overly large lapels. these are perfect and they stay down  which is hard to find too. perfect length  beautiful color. not too long in the back. it has zipper pockets and the photos don't show the silver grommets on each side at the hem. the body of the sweater has a different knit than the sleeves so it has a bit of that vest over sweater look
The skirt looked orange online  but is more of a nice red (i do like orange too though). i had orginially palced this in my basket as a to order later to see  but my store had it. glad because i would have ordered petite  adn i do think that would have been too short for me (not appropirate for work or (in my opinion0  my age). the skirt (size 0 regular)  fit my waste  and fell about one inch above my knee. i am 5'1.5" (115 lbs if it helps#... so petite would have been short.  the only thing tha
This may be the ugliest dress with the worst fit i have ever tried. the blue stripes are brighter than they appear in the photo  absolutely garish. the top is baggy with awful beads on the back ties  it just looks cheap. the skirt is an antebellum nightmare.    i did not even want to try it on  it's that bad. i considered adding a photo  but was too horrified.  for reference  i'm 5'10"  approximately the height/ size of the model  but it was shorter than the photo depictes. i wanted to like it 
The dress is exactly as pictured. i bought it for work and it is perfect. the lining is the entire length of the dress and it hits just at the knee.  i would say it is true to size  however it was a bit tight in my shoulders but i have very broad shoulders.  i received compliments all day and remarked to myself it was so comfortable it was like wearing pajamas!
I saw this top online and ordered immediately!  i loved the color  lace  and unique details.  sadly it just arrived and it is a disaster!  the lace is stiff and doesn't lay softly  and is very rough against your skin.  the style ( and i like shorter style tops) is extremely boxy and the sleeves protrude outwards in a funny way. .....  that although i am so in love with this color  i would be embarrassed to wear this top in public.  it could have been fantastic  if the lace was softer  and some a
If you're a girl with no junk in the trunk buy these pants! they make you look like you are working with something! i love them. i am 5'3" and always struggle to find pants that aren't too long and that will help me not look like an ironing board. these are great. not too long in regular and like another reviewer said  you'll have a booty. great lightweight pants.
I tried these in store  didn't have much hope as flare usually looks terrible on me (small waist and athletic  fuller legs). but surprisingly these work great. they seem to very good quality and the flare is super cute and on trend. i do think they run a little small. i am almost always a 2/26  but i took these in a 4. they didn't have a 2 in store for me to compare but i think they would have been too tight. highly recommend!
Runs very large. ordered a smaller size due to other reviews but should have ordered several sizes smaller
Really cute dress. i bought the white. i am usually a size 2 in retailer dresses but i could not even zip this! side zip was also slightly awkward. had to return  waiting for the 4.
Gorgeous colors and great shape for a mini dress. stunning on. the only con is how low the back goes. a bra alone underneath is not possible. will need to wear with a finer shirt underneath.
There are darts that are not shown in this picture that make the dress ill fitted. not sure why they are not in the picture and on the dress. i wish the pictures shown were more accurate.
I love the way these shorts fit and look; very comfy  but after laundering one time  the lavender color became blotchy. used regular detergent in gentle cycle and it looks like someone poured bleach on them in random areas & they are unwearable! i have several colors  but the only color that was a problem is the lavender. $58 for one wear was a waste. i hate to leave negative feedback  but be careful with laundering.
Purchased in the blue. the color is a little darker than it shows. more of a slate blue. loved the fit. i am tall so it covered perfectly.
This dress is very cute on the model online  but in person it is quite large and just hands there and doesn't do much for the figure. cute but not worth the $148 price tag.
Fyi to help with sizing i am 5'7" weigh 134 lb and like things loose fitting but the medium was too big and sack like. dress is cute and the color is true to photo.
When i received this dress in the mail  i was thrilled. i loved the color and the style  although a bit too much material but comfortable. when i went to show my husband the dress  his first comment was very sexy. i can see your underwear and your skin!!! i don't understand why no one mentioned this in any of the comments on this dress. when i went into the light i saw that the dress was see through and i sadly had to return it.
The dress didn't meet my expectations  specifically the color  the texture  and the cut of the dress. although the dress was very well made  it just wasn't right for me.
So  i'm really surprised that reviewers said the fit was too small and too tight in the arms. i'm 5'7" and 183lbs and my husband (god bless his soul) bought me an 8 for my birthday. i tried it on just to see and was pretty impressed i could button it across my chest and get it over my arms as those are common problem areas for me. regardless i need to exchange the shirt for a larger size because even though i got it on its not how is supposed to look. the shirt is loose around the midsection whi
This blouse in the purple motif is lovely. unfortunately for me  it runs small.
Better than the picture - i like the layered look and the texture of the fabric. great top.
This dress is so beautiful. i am 50 5'8" and smaller on top larger on bottom. size 6 is perfect! was worried that it would hit me in all the wrong places. happy to say it does not. wore it for the first time yesterday and no lie i received no less than 15 compliments from strangers. just walked up to tell me how great the dress was. colors are so soft and beautiful. would buy in other colors if they had it. i can see myself wearing it to a casual dinner  to a wedding our just to feel special on
This blouse is a perfect creation: perfect-weight cotton  many  many details  and color  all perfectly executed. there's fullness to the body  so this will definitely be easy to wear in hot  humid locations this summer  and it would be easy to pair with many things you have already for a casual yet collected look. there's no mistaking quality when you look at this piece! i bought the medium for my 130#  34f  size 8 blouse/tee frame. this is the blouse you will have for years  and you will enjoy
I'm very pale  and on me the rose color looked really washed out. the catalog photo is not an accurate representation. look at the product shot for a truer representation. it's slightly see-through and was too close to the color of my skin. i think it would look delicious on someone who has darker skin  though.
This dress brought out my tamed inner kitty--there's a collar so of course it's tamed! i'm in love with this unique print that roars retailer to all who admire. this is not a hot weather dress because of long sleeves and fabric. dropped stars cuz it's yucky poly/rayon and you need to size down or you'll be drowning in fabric (this cat doesn't swim!) looks great belted or underneath my black wool sweater. i'm 5'3" 135# 36c and i purchased size 8.
This didn't work for me. it looks better unzipped. the piece made me look extremely top heavy  and i am by no means overweight  but i do have a larger chest on a small frame (36c  5 feet  115). honestly  it just made me look fat. the design is cute  but this is going back..
The fabric is so beautiful that i am tempted to buy in a large size and have re-made. the waist is tiny. the hips are wide. when it goes to half price  i may be tempted to take it to my favorite alterations lady. the fabric is that exceptionally beautiful.
This is a lovely dress  but much more casual than i thought from the picture. the material is very thin and casual. i needed a dressier dress  and i didn't need another casual dress  so i sent it back  but it would be fine if you want something casual.
Gals  if you absolutely must have this top wait for it to go on sale (don't worry  it will). between the poor fit and the polyester  i have no good things to report about it. this is very much below retailer's usual quality and style.
I was so excited for this dress to arrive  but when it did  it was a major disappointment. there is no lining on the skirt portion of the dress leaving it sheer. also  the top part along the chest puckered in a weird unflattering way. the colors were beautiful  but not enough to to make up for the other design flaws. i am 5'6" 140lb and the small fit tts. will be sending it back
Very nice top  like the linen fabric. i ordered my regular size m and its huge. makes me look larger than i am  and i will be returning it. i would like a size s i think  just not a flattering oversize fit for me
I found this as a return in the store. i tried the xxs. i was so excited because it looked really cute on the hanger. it was so huge- looked like i was wearing an xl.
I read the reviews and everyone loved them so ordered them online. for me  they are a no. i thought the fabric was cheap and the quality not so great compared to typical retailer items.
Love these leggings & the color. i haven't been able to find a pair of great brown leggings for years. i was concerned the small might not fit but they are perfect
Loved this top! it's an a-line shape which is very flattering. thick enough for winter with a coat but light enough for spring still.
I originally bought this from my local retailer in an xs petite. i think it was a return. i brought it home and decided it was just too big for my 5'4" 116# frame. i ordered it in an xxs petite and am keeping it. the colters are just so pretty and it is machine washable which is an added bonus. it is still flowy but not objectionably so. it is meant to be unstructured and bohemain i think. looking forward to wearing this on my upcoming trip to italy.
I'm obsessed with the perfect" leather look " coated jeans.. i have another high end denim brand in black.. i may like these better.. they fit perfect maybe a tad big?  high enough so potential bottoms shows when bending .. perfect stretch ..  not to leathery looking just enough. the ties at ankle are different ...  i would love these in black! but this color is awesome  and this cut very flattering . for reference i'm a 16 bottom  smaller waste bigger booty .. size 33 fit perfect ..
I can only review the ivory as that was the only color in my local store. this sweater is very flattering as it is fitted on top but has a nice flow over the hips plus the zipper allows for more room or to show off an underlying top. the material is soft and the ivory is very pretty in person.
It's a beautiful sweater but it is very wide (much wider than it looks on the model)  even in the xs/s. it is also fairly itchy. just way too big for my small frame  which is not really the look i was going for.
Feminine with beading in front. love the neckline and flow. nice fall colors. sleeves button. really nice fit in shoulders. if you like this style it is absolutely beautiful on. may be short on those with long torsos.
I bought the bronze color which was nice but the cut just hung like a dust rag  no fit   no drape very unfinished looking. though i bought it on sale on sale  it is not worth keeping. over all it was not a worthwhile blouse to keep.
Fun detail with the beading and lace! arms are a little longer while the body of the sweatshirt is a little shorter than expected  but that's the style of the piece. the fit was tts with those proportions mind.  the ladies at the store said that if i ordered the size up  it might be a little longer in the body  but that the arms and shoulders would have been the biggest change. the material isn't too thick  so it's a nice lighter layer for fall/spring. really love it!
I purchased the purple motif in petite size small. it hits just the right length for me  but i can see that if i were any larger chested  it might be an issue. (for reference  i'm a 32d  5'4  112lb.) it's very forgiving on the tummy area  without looking bulky (other moms know what i'm talking about and understand my appreciation for this). the shirt is also a nice quality  really comfortable  and it's easy to wear with jeans  shorts  skirts  etc.  making it a welcome versatile piece.
Great piece just wish it fit a bit more blousy rather than cami
Ok so this top runs extremely large. for reference i am a typical medium but i ended up purchasing an extra-small!!! besides the sizing issue  the style is super cute and perfect for any summer occasion whether casual or more formal. i definitely recommend! (ps. beware it does wrinkle easily lol...)
Purchased this in two colors online. purchased in an xs - i am usually a s or xs. the fit was really large in the xs and the seam on the front of the top was in the wrong place and was really unflattering. returning both.
Love this top  just received it today.  it is a very artistic interpretation for a casual top.  the blue is gorgeous!  the unique style of the peplm and the details on the front set this apart!  runs a little shorter  but i feel the length enhances it;s beauty  and is appropriate for the overall design.  love !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  ordered my usual size and it fits perfectly.
This jacket has a nautical look which is a refreshing change for this year. it is double breasted & a stretchy cotton  which i love. i am a big fan of cotton. it appealed to me so much that i ordered both the white & the navy in the regular size small. i am of small build at 5'3"  117# & expected that the sleeves c/b a little long. i avoid ordering petite size jackets b/c sometimes they are snug in the shoulders. ok  so the regular s was a good length at the bottom of my hips  but arms were bagg
I am 5'7  the length is perfect  i can wear it with flat. normally the wide leg pants are so long  i have to wear high heels. the flow is perfect too.
I love this sweater so much and wanted it to be my new favorite  but unfortunately it was a bit short for my longer torso. when i raised my arms up  it bunched up all wrong because it's a very thick sweater.
I found both colors and jumped on this shirt. then i got it home and realized that it was pretty much useless. there is no way to put a sweater or jacket over it  it is too hot to wear in the summer  putting a tee under ruins the look.  i am very flat chested so it hung well  but there is lots of shirt. both went back in exchange for two wearable items.
I am usually a 4 in maeve tops  but i sized up to a 6. i am 5'7" 127 lbs. it is a crisp white  comfortable  easy to wear tank that requires some ironing or steaming. it doesn't look like much in the photo  but once i saw it in person and tried it on  it was an easy decision to make the purchase. it is feminine and has a pronounced a-line shape to it.
Colors and patterns of this dress are beautiful and that's where it ends. cheap flimsy polyester and no lining. far too expensive for what it is. on me it bulked out in my chest area and did not look so great. i would say it runs a tad big but in my case ( i have wide shoulders) not big enough to downsize. too bad because i really love the colors and idea of this dress.
This jumpsuit is so so comfy i can't wait to wear it! def runs on the large size.
This vest is great. i'm wearing with my red striped turtleneck dress i got on sale here. i can see this going with so many outfits. mainly those dresses that might feel a little tight around butt and hip area- this will cover it all. worth full price imo. tts. i'm a 10 and this in m is perfect.
Great colors and not too voluminous. lined whig will be great for fall but the downsides are the huge elastic waist bc it'll require a belt or something over it (looks v casual alone) and even with a perfect fit it gives a bit of muffin just bc it's a huge piece of elastic. i've literally tried this on on two occasions trying to convince myself it it. lol but it's not worth it at the current price.
I ordered this in the mauve and it's a really pretty lilac color. unfortunately  the fabric is very thin and you can see your bra right through it. my usual size fit great in the shoulders and bust area  but goes downhill from there. the top is cut wide under the armpits and just hangs funny in front. based on the model picture  i thought this would be a little more form fitting in the front. it's also very long. completely covers my butt in the back and then some. could of been a beautiful tank
I am so excited about this swimsuit. i have never felt so good in a bathing suit. it's sexy without being too revealing. the fit is perfect. i absolutely love it!
I loved this in the store  but had to order my size. it is true to size - a great length - but the material is very thin and very sheer. i don't think it will carry over into fall - it is more of a summer weight fabric. it is also a little pricey for that same reason - still - its a great basic and i will keep my eye out for it to go on sale.
I love this tee s much i bought 3 different colors! the back is beautiful. it is so comfy and soft but its added spice makes it perfect for those times you want a little more style.
I saw this on a model in the house and home catalog. it looked very comfy but with an edge of elegance. i saw it in store in the navy and loved it. the other color is very washed out  not good for me being a blonde. i didn't try it on  and got a small as it looked as it ran a little large. i'm 5'4"  130 lbs. and it fit perfectly. it hits above knee  a little longer than on model. it hangs beautifully and the blue color is stunning  looks expensive. i received a few complements the first time i w
The color of this cardigan is beautiful  and the material is very soft.
I tried on the pink in xs in store. it was so big on me. i wanted to love it  the stylist did  but i felt meh... so did another costumer  didn&#39;t like it on me. the colors are really nice (and the blue seems really nice too)  but the cut was a little wide. fabric is very soft. for reference  i am 115 lbs  0dd  26.5 in waist.
Based on reviews  i was concerned that this dress would not fit in the chest area. however  i find that i have ample room there (i am a full c). it is a tiny bit tight in the waist  but not uncomfortable or unflattering. i will go ahead and say that it runs small for that reason. the straps are a little long on me and will need to be taken up. also there is no zipper so getting it on and off requires unbuttoning the buttons  so it's not fast.     overall quality is very nice and it is very prett
I bought this duster in the blue color and really like it. i am 5'11" so love the longer length. the large was too wide so got the medium. the sleeves were a little snug on my upper arms but after wearing it for awhile they loosened up. i think i will get the white too!
I liked this shirt well enough to order in several colors  preferred it fitting loosely (5'1" around 100-105 size small). i always look for marine was able and this fit the bill  or so i thought; was so so dismayed to see that after one wash the dye had settled strangely into folds making it look like the shirt had cracks all over it. worse looking on the moss green but still apparent in the black  both no longer wearable.  i am forced to return the shirts but since i do like the shirts i am goi
I really wanted to love the shorts.  when i read that the shorts were lined  i expected them to be lined so that my underwear didn't show.  even though the shorts are lined  you can see through the fabric completely.  this was absolutely disappointing since the shorts have a lovely exterior design; pockets; and  comfortable waistline.  i'm returning the shorts as well.
After reading many of the reviews stating the dress can have the potato sack look  i certainly had concerns. particularly since i am petite  hourglass  athletic  and approaching 50. i decided t give the blue shade a try. the lighter shade is beautiful but was afraid it would wash me out with my darker hair and olive-toned skin. let me start by saying the blue is so beautiful and rich looking. the velvet has such dimension and is no ordinary velvet material. it is also lined. when i first tried i
I wore these with high heels to a formal gathering. i received many compliments. perfect for summer. you can dress them up with heels  or wear flats or sandals and be casual. i have a pear shape  so i think they fit best for my body type. love them!
I own several of these tops and i love them. i am 5'10  140 lbs and i wear a small. i bought the gray and white stripe and the ivory and black stripe and they are very flattering. the front hits me at the same place as it does on the model and the back covers my butt. i own several of the solid colors in this style as well and they are just as great. this shirt is so soft and comfortable  you won't regret buying it!
I can't get enough of this dress! this dress is everything. from the flattering fit  to the colors and pattern  to the design  and to the quality.. this dress really has it all. this is worth every penny and in my opinion  a great price for a versatile  high quality dress. the material is that super comfy  stretchy material which is perfect for everyday! it is a no brainer and easy to throw on. i'm so happy it comes in petite as the xsp length fits me perfect! it hits at the perfect length for a
Lovely sweater that is good with jeans or a skirt. i ordered an xl and my only complaint is that i wish it were a bit longer in the front. i am heavy chested though so that's how most tops fit me. i ordered the gray/black and it's really nice. i receive lots of compliments.
I was so excited when these pants went on sale! tried them on in-store and ordered online. tried both medium and small and they both work  thanks to the elastic waistline. they do run very long  so if you're super tall these are great  otherwise prepare to wear very tall heels or get them hemmed.
Great shorts. i've been buying these for the past few years. each year  i add to my collection with new colors. i have 8 pairs now! perfect length and can be rolled if needed to show some more leg.
Looks great  the material feels great but when i put this dress on for the first time today it fell apart at the seams in the rib cage area. total disappointment! i had purchased this on sale for my graduation and was getting ready to walk out the door when i saw two holes on each side!
This is a beautiful shirt. the back is a few inches longer than the front which makes for a cool effect.  the only thing that i didn't like about this shirt was how fragile the buttons on the back are. i was taking this shirt off and one popped off. when i went to hang it  another one popped off! so i had to return it. such a shame.
Bought this in store at full price: it's that pretty. black & white  embroidery  pintucks! throw it on with capris and flats and you are polished and comfy. my only prob was i had to buy a little large - size 8- as size 6 was already sold out.   i am 5' 5"   130 lbs.
Think price convinced me to put this in my bag ... the oops of on line shopping i guess. the strip and 'stitch' like snowflake is just not me. a little too "cutesy' for me. if strip alone might have kept .. but this is just too much  not my style .. back it goes.
The pleats on the bib make this look like something from chloe sevigny's wardrobe on the set of big love. and the shoulders are cut for an offensive lineman.
This is a gorgeous top; however  it is very sheer and see through. maybe the fabric would have been better if it was a bit thicker?
Found this little surprise in store yesterday where thankfully one of my atlanta stores carries petites. the materials is wonderful - feels like cashmere. i got the rust which will be an anytime-anywhere piece!. recommend highly.
I bought this shirt in a size 10. i am a 32 4d and it fit perfect  but wanted it to fit flowy as it does on the model...so sizing up to a 12. very nice quality fabric...not sure how it will be after it's washed. looks just like the picture. i bought the ivory color.
I absolutely love this dress. it's great quality and fits perfectly.
Love the fabric and it seemed warmed. but as other reviewers mentioned  the neckline was awkward.
This is way cuter in person than on model. it is a super soft and fluffy sweater. the colors are so pretty and feminine. i received it as a christmas gift and have already worn it twice. it's perfect with skinny jeans and ugg boots. i vary between xs and small in retailer sweaters. this is a bit boxy so i sized down with the xs and it fits perfect!
Very sheer inexpensive material. even on sale i'm returning it
These are beautiful and very comfy. they do run very large. i ordered the green in medium and deciding wether to exchange for a small. the washing instructions in the pants are to dry clean for best results. the description needs to be updated to reflect this.
$78 for a pair of sweats seems like a lot of money  but not when you consider the amount of wear you will get out of these pants. they are thin and a little on the long side  but very flattering. plus  the thin material makes them perfect for summer nights. i love the pockets. not a big fan of the tie on the front  but that's just a personal preference. i won't just be wearing these on the weekend. i found lots of fun tops and jackets in my closet that will turn these pants into something i'll b
Like everyone else  i ignored this vest in the store. my mom actually gave it to me to try on and practically forced me to buy it. it wasn't until  i got home that i discovered its versatility. i got it in the beginning of june so haven't been able to wear it much  but fall is quickly approaching and i already have at least ten outfits to wear with it. it's classy and can dress up any outfit.
Love the movement of the blouse and how it falls. great quality material.
I ordered a small from the online shop knowing it would be drapey  but it's much more than drapey. and the front draping looks like halloween costume material - not chic or sophisticated. sadly  i will be returning this top.
Sheer top  runs big  usually i'm a size medium  but got small in these.   very pretty! great summer top.
This dress is incredible! let me say that when it first arrived  i was terrified that i looked like a got tangled in my grandma's curtain. the print was really overwhelming for my living room. however  i went with my gut and wore this dress for our engagement photos out in the woods. not only was in incredibly flattering  it photographed better than i could have imagined. wouldn't recommend wearing this grocery shopping but this is a perfect for a special occasion!
I am so happy with this dress. i bought my usual size 2  and it was a perfect fit. this dress is gorgeous. it has some stretch  which is a plus. i am 5'5 "  and it was not too long on me at all. i am so thrilled with my purchase.
First saw this poncho on a petite blog and after reading reviews happily paid full price. i followed the petite reviews and purchased the xs regular. the length hits right below my bum so it's perfectly structured to wear with leggings. the cable knit is super soft and very warm. wore this for the first time last weekend layered over a long sleeve tee and was perfectly cozy outside for a fall day in chicago. this item will not last long and is well worth paying full price.
Just purchased it in store - very soft and cozy  great neutral color too. i am usually s  but bought it m just to have it slightly oversized.
Got this in wine  very pretty and soft. but so sheer  even with the dark color one would have to wear a cami. returning for this reason. having to wear a cami wrecks the otw ultra-comfort.
Loved this top. great design. comfortable and unique. soft material
I loved this dress and ordered it online. i found the colors to be a bit more muted than i expected  and unfortunately the fabric quality seemed low considering the price point. ultimately i decided to return it as i couldn't justify spending $178 on a dress that didn't seem as well made as i would expect from retailer.
The mara hoffman cross-front one-piece is worth every. single. penny. the colors are vibrant--a perfect compliment for my fair complexion. the cut of the suit is immensely flattering  particularly the definition created at the natural waist. the quality of the suit is impeccable  and i have never felt so confident in such a little number! and guys  it's reversible (inside is a gorgeous royal blue).
It looks like you are wearing cargo shorts. really unflattering. avoid buying this skirt
...a little long still  but loved the fit. flattering on me  i have thighs and these balanced out the thigh effect. color (wash) was also very nice in my opinion. can be wrn with any top  really  i had to make myself return them jsut coz of price  but on my wish list for sure!
I thought i was getting this nice light weight white sweater but not the case.  it is a pretty heavy  nice thick cotton and beautiful made. it does run large. i got the small and love the oversize feel even on my 5'9" frame.   but - it is not white  it is beige  and it is not light weight. i have enough beige sweaters in this look so this one is going back  even though it was a great buy on sale.
I've rarely met a maeve item i didnt like. initially looking at this dress i thought it was suede but it's a structured cotton  making it a little more stiff than i'd like. i feel that making it suede would've been perfect for this dress. i am 5'2 140 lbs. usually a 4-6  i tried on the 6 and it was a great fit except for the chest area (34d) and the butt/hips area  making this dress a little less shift and a little baggy in the abdominal region. i then tried on the 8 and it was way too big all a
The positive: light-weight fabric  interesting drape  the negative: i'm tall and would have preferred if it was longer. the big drawback is the ridiculous buttons--three fell off the first time i wore it...and it fits loosely! they're held on by a single loop...ugh.
I usually buy xs or s in retailer clothing and the pieces usually fit perfectly. this time i purchased my first petite item because i was worried the length of the pant leg would fall at an unusual spot if i didn't. i'm 5'4 and i ordered a petite small. i was swimming in it. the elastic in the back was so loose you could see directly down my pants. i wanted to love this but unfortunately the size did not work for me.
I feel in love with this shirt online and purchased it right away. this is one of the those pieces that makes retailer my favorite place to shop... stylish  unique and beautiful. it is a bit full in the bottom so i sized down from my normal s to xs and am very pleased.
I tried this on in the store and thought the flowy fit and asymmetrical hem were great. the fabric is thin  which is nice for summer  but lined at the top half so it's not transparent except below the knee. the waist is quite high and has flexible elastic for an easy fit. i liked the skirt a lot and came online to find it in petite. sadly  it is sold out of most sizes in the petite length. i wish antrho would order more of the petite sizes because they seem to sell out fast!
I have the blue and gray and love the look and feel. however  the gray within days ripped at the seam and other areas.
Love this top. ..especially the back. the back makes the whole top.
I really wanted to love this dress....     i absolutely love the fabric and the bottom of it. sadly  the top was just too "balloon like" and poofed out way too much. i tried putting a belt with it which helped a little bit. if the top had been just a little more fitted this would be awesome. i don't know if a smaller size would have helped the issue... i ordered a small and considered an xs but in the end just returned it.
I found this dress to be very short waisted  much closer to an empire waist than shown in the picture. it was also an inch or two longer in the skirt than other maxi dresses i've gotten from retailer. it really could have used those inches above the waist. just a strange fit overall.
I ordered the black and white pattern  which was ok. i got a small  but the shirt was very square - with a short and wide fit! i doubt an xs would have helped with such a boxy shirt. sent this one back.
I should have known with the combined sizing  but this is very wide  even in the xs/sm. it's a beautiful sweater  a thicker gauge of yarn than it appears to have  and the pointelle "holes" are also larger than they appear. it is fairly itchy if you don't mind that. just way too big for my small frame--almost falling of the shoulders  which is not the look i was going for. if you want a wide and boxy look  or have a larger frame  this could be great for you. it is pretty and quite unique.
It was just too big in the regular size and too short in petite.  the proportion was off.  i bought a similar sweater last year in a blue color that i wore constantly and was hoping this would be like it. i think if you are very tall you might pull this off. i'm 5 4" and even the extra small regular hung below my booty.
I love this top. i got it on sale and am so glad that i did. it is a short too but still super flattering. it isn't too boxy on me.
I love the dress enough to go on a diet. i sized up but still have reservations about the integrity of the seams if i should sit at any point during its wear. i hate skin tight clothing  and wear a 0 in everything else - the 2 made me feel as if you could see my cervix. i own other byron lars dresses that fit in a 0 - something happened with this dress.
I loved the cut and style of this shirt  so was very disappointed when i put it on and it was very tight and slightly see-through. if you do order it  get it in a size larger.
I'm consistently a 0p in this brand  but i ordered a regular zero  and i'm glad i did not get the petite because it would have been too cropped for me. it's a bit boxy  and the material is thicker than i thought  but it is a versatile piece that look forward to wearing!
This has a very nice hang to it- combination of the cut and linen- like fabric. i liked it so much that i bought two different colors. so many tees are blousy and full now;i am short so they look like maternity tops. this one is much more flattering.
Pretty color.  love the lace.  my husband thought it looked a little "old lady-ish"  but i think it depends on what you wear it with....  it's been too hot here to wear yet. i believe it will look great with a cami and leggings!
This skirt is so gorgeous. the picture doesn't do it justice. several layers of mesh. i am 5'10" and this skirt is very long  which i love. so glad i found this in my size for such a great price. highly recommended..
Oh how i dread online shopping for bikinis...especially bottoms. however  these bottoms are incredible. the fit is perfect. you know when you are wearing normal underwear and you ask yourself... "why can't bathing suit bottoms just fit like this?" these bikini bottoms do! you can't tell by the picture but they are a really great weight...not too thick and bulky...very flattering...perfect rear coverage...doesn't pinch your sides.truly the most flattering bottoms i've found in a long time. worth
It really is such a cute romper. took it on s trip to italy and it was airy and comfortable. that is in till i washed it. i'm in europe so there aren't dryers... washed it in cold water  line-dried it and it shrunk. significantly. it still fits but the top doesn't blouse over like it previously did. and the shorts feel really short. so disappointed. my advice would be to hand wash it in very cold water
This is comfy and casual and fun to wear.  moss ombrã© is darker and less ombrã© than pictured  so i wish i had gotten the other color way instead.  i can see myself wearing this for running errands  grabbing take-out and other important things like hanging out on my couch.  definitely size down or this will look too wide & boxy.
It was huge. material looked good but was too bulky. will be returning it.
This dress is so beautiful  the color is even more vibrant in person  a stunning emerald green. it is well made and doesn't go too low under your arm  which sometimes happens with halters. the halter material is a thicker band that gives nice support. the skirt does a little poof near your hips at the top  look at the back view photo online  you can see it there. at first i was surprised by it because i didn't see that on the front view  but then i decided it was fun and flirty. i received numer
This dress fits perfectly and true to size. the waist detail and flair is fun and flirty. it's probably my favorite dress i've ever bought.
I love that retailerpolgie has petite sizes now. i am 5'4" and 115lbs. i bought the 0p and it fits perfectly. the dress is very cute and the colors are a way to transition into fall when its still warm out.
These are cute and light weight however the fit is off. i ordered my normal size large (i'm a 12/14.). the waist was large but fit ok. they were really tight across the theighs. the crop length is fine with my 5'9 height. if i hadn't got such a good sale of probably return them. they will be good lounge pants.
I love this top! it is a perfect summer staple but for me it was too short. i sized up to fix this problem because i prefer the boho  flowy look. it is flowy on it's own but i felt it lacked length so went up a size. waiting for my retailer mail with anticipation!
Great winter maxi. soft and comfortable fabric. good quality. stretchy but not too clingy. fitted in all the right places and very flattering. petite was unavailable so will need hemming.
I so wanted this blouse to work. the lacework is beautiful  and it is a substantial and well made top. the neck fits well  which is not a given for this style top  and i really like the 3/4 length sleeves. but the top billows out like a tent on me in all directions  and it was an awkward length on me (not quite hip length  not quite tunic). wish this were cut a little straighter and longer. i'm 5'4"  120 lbs and tried a size s.
This shirt fits great. it is a fun look. i wore it wear a pair of leggings and sneakers for a casual day look. it goes down to my knees in the back and the front is asymmetric. so cute. i think i will get a lot of use out of this going forward.
I like the pattern on this shirt and the fit over all is pretty good. i wasn't sure if i liked the sleeves as they are very angled  much more so than i expected. still  the shirt is nice enough that i'm keeping it.
This dress is perfection! great  quality fabric. bright vibrant color. the design and texture allow it to be dressed up or dressed down. i sized up a size because my normal wasn't available and it fits perfectly!
The design is cute  but there is way too much fabric in the lower part of the shirt. also  the fabric for the lower part crumples easily. unless you carry around an iron  you may not want to wear it outside the house. i kept the shirt to wear around the house.
I love this more than my pineapple top. i am 128lbs and wear between a size 2-4 in tops got this in size 4 (same as the pineapple) and fits perfectly and comfotably. the color is white and has a lovely lace pattern. i would say it runs a litle on the small side. material is a bit more stiff than my pineapple top but i love the way it feels. in my opinion this is a staple top you can dress it up for a wedding or just going out its super lovely. they were so popular at the retailer near me tw
As always these pilcro pants did not disappoint. i can always order a size 26 and know they will fit like a custom pant. i actually like the fit on me better than shown on the model. there is no crotch hang like in the photo. i need to wear heels with these because of the length but heels and flares are very slimming.
I just love sleeping on snow sweaters and this one is no exception. it's soft and cozy and very warm. i do have sensitive skin  so i found this a bit itchy right away  but that went away after i wore it for a bit. this is oversized  but in a great way. you could size down if you wanted something a bit more fitted. sleeves are long and pre-cuffed. sweater hit me mid-lower thigh.
The white is completely sheer. i am so tired of see through shirts!! even at the sale on top of sale prices  i wouldn't recommend this shirt. if the fabric weren't sheer it would be a very comfy shirt with a cute back. but it just looks silly with a tank top under it  the cotton just doesn't lay right.
This romper fit like a dream!  it is gorgeous  unique  and sexy. i am rating this 2 stars because it took me 20 minutes to try it on!  there is no zipper and the only way to get it on and off is by buttoning and unbuttoning the small buttons on the top. nobody's got time for that!!!!  i wanted so desperately to wear it to my friend's 40th birthday party. but i imagined myself spending half the night in the restroom trying to get this romper on and off. no thank you!  i considered buying the romp
This tunic is beautiful! the color is a vibrant blue. i can wear it with jeans or dress it up with my white linen capris! i ordered the small and it fits me perfectly!!!
Top opens in the middle right in front. should have some sort of closure inside to prevent this top from flying open will return
I wear this vest two ways - over a long sleeve shirt when it's warmer and layered over a shirt and cardigan when it's cooler. it's the perfect amount of warmth when i'm running errands and don't want to wear a heavy coat. love it and plan to wear it a lot!
Really disappointing quality. these jeans are of a very poor quality material and developed holes in the inseams after only a month! i love pilcros  and am totally shocked at the poor quality...retailer  i hope this is just a fluke. not worth the money!
This top light and airy  which is perfect for spring. i'm usually into these types of blouses; however  this didn't quite fit right on me. it's a little too boxy and too low cut in the front for some reason. i loved the design and really wanted to like it... i just didn't love it enough to purchase it.
I absolutely fell in love with this dress in the store and immediately scooped it up in black. wore it 3-4 times on hot summer days and it was perfect! very comfortable  easy to throw on and dress up or down. i decided to hand wash instead of dry cleaning (as i usually do) and after hanging dry  it became significantly more translucent than it had been before! i can no longer wear this dress because you can see everything through it. it's as though the fabric completely changed after being wet.
This is a very nice top  but it is very loose and swingy indeed. i sized down one size  and it still is very relaxes. the material is soft  the colors are nice.
I reallllly love this sweater! i could wear it every day if i could. the sweater is comfortable  lightweight (but not see through) and versatile.
This sweater is one of a kind just like many pieces from retailer. the design is super cute the color is perfect and others dont like the sheer material however for me since it's not see through i really like it. the reason for a return is they sent me the wrong size..ordered a small (i checked my order) and i got a xs petite. so sad since large is the only size left.
I love jumpsuits and was excited about this one because i liked the print/colors and that it's long-sleeved. i ordered my usual medium size (i'm a solid medium). it was a tad tight in the rear/thigh area (not flattering when you have a thin material which shows every bump unlike jeans) but the length (i'm 5'5") and top fit well. i returned it and ordered the large but the waist was huge (and that's coming from a person with a bit of a tummy bulge) and there isn't anything to cinch the waist in.
I fell in love with this dress when i saw it. i am usually a petite  so i knew it would hit me just above the ankle  but it works! what is lacking from the description is the under slip that comes with the dress. it is a knee length  cotton jersey slip that is bulky and uncomfortable - thus the 4 star rating instead of 5 star. i won't use the slip  so this makes the dress fairly sheer when backlit. otherwise  the dress is well made and the addition of the piping at the seams makes it special. i
This top fits exactly like the last photo  which was my hope. it is not as slim as the other images. it's a swing top and the arm holes are perfect size  and the mock turtleneck is not too high. the fabric is thick  so will be perfect transitioning from summer to fall.
This sweater is beautiful  but is definitely more for looks than warmth. it's very soft  but very thin. i prefer the way it looks open rather than buttoned. i got the moss green color on sale  and i am glad i didn't pay full price for it--it's lovely  but certainly not worth $88.
I tried these on in store and purchased them in the chocolate brown as the fit was perfect! i am 5' 8" and weigh 145 pounds with an approximate 10" difference between hips and waist. the size 27 fit perfectly. i was surprised that they did not wrinkle terribly as they are linen. they withstood wear during a very active day and still looked great by evening. they wash well and only needed a quick touch up with the iron. i liked them so well that i ordered a second pair in grey!
This sweater is a dull off white color. it looks old fashioned. don't get.
These would have been the perfect black pants! great cut  love the wide band in the front  true to size  quality construction. but a zipper in the back?!!! i had to ask my husband to help me zip them up. perhaps they would be easier to put on if my bum were a little smaller  but the pants fit perfectly - they were just too hard to put on. sending them back  since i don't have an assistant to zip them up whenever i need.
Kinda a boxy looking sweater. it definitely made me look really large and just couldn't see myself wearing it very often. ended up returning it.
I purchased these pants in blue  they fit great - only problem is that one leg is about 1/2 inch longer than the other. i got them on sale with a discount so i will keep them and take them to a tailor to fix. bummer.
I'm so disappointed this dress didn't work out! i ordered the size medium  post baby i'm a solid dress size 6 or 8 depending on the designer.  the cashier was laughing with me how ridiculously huge this garment was when i held it up.     also the length was super long  description says 35" which would be mid thigh for me  but this thing hit me mid knee. also  like the previous review the shoulders are tented and poofy. so bizarre and the cut reminds me of a maternity dress  but the shoulders def
It does run large as most reviewers noted. i opted for the pxs and it was still very large and the way that the elastic at the top hit me it bunched funny and made my chest look huge and i'm only a b cup. it added a good two cup sizes to my chest and it just looked odd. the length of the petite was good for me at only 5'4" so the length did not overwhelm but the width was still really too wide. love the fabric and the lace at the hemline. it just wasn't for me but for those it works for it is be
Casual dinner out dress love the color  mine is navy.
These jeans fit like a glove while being flatteringly stretchy. i am 5ft 7in  125 lbs and i have a size 26. these are my second pair of ag stevie ankle jeans and i can't wait to get more. they are a beautiful deep/dark blue. love them!!
This shirt is adorable  love the lace detail on the sides  but way too boxy for me. it's a great lighter weight for spring  but it doesn't feel flimsy. sadly  there isn't any shape to help make this flattering. it will be returned.
Lovely cut  pretty creamy color  great top for strong shoulders  however. the upper section of this top is way more sheer than it appears in the photos. there is no bra that would really work with it--unless you want to embrace the undergarment visibility and go with one that has really pretty straps. just be sure the bra fits especially well  because any back fat will absolutely show. if you go without a bra  though: headlights. so there's that.
Another cloth and stone success! love the back! denim goes with most anything!
Was excited about this sweater but it really didn't wow me when i put it on. the v-neck is quite low and the sweater is a bit short. loved the ideas of the fringe but in the end  it went back.
Runs a size big unless you want it really boxy. felt the matl was flimsy and would prob pill soon. turquoise was a pretty color but returning this one.
I am amazed this is still on sale. it's so comfortable and fabulous!!
I read the other reviews on this skirt and tried the 4 and the 6 (i'm between the two sizes  typically) in case it ran small. technically it does. the 4 is tighter  but it looks better sitting higher on my waist. the 6 is looser  but doesn't look as good. likely sticking with the 4. the colors are gorgeous and the fabric is light and high quality. it can be dressed up or down.
Loved how this top looked online and couldn't wait to get it. i ordered the xs and it was huge and also very short in length compared to the picture online. i love the fabric and design but the fit was totally off. this is going back!
I personally didn't like it enough to purchase but it is a well made top. in the photos i am wearing a medium and for reference my measurements are 38-30-40.
This shirt has such a fun twist on an otherwise basic jean shirt! i bought this shirt on a whim despite having a closet full of denim shirts... and i'm glad i did! the fabric is the same cloth
Wanted to love this one so badly but didn't work for me. just looks really wide on me -- looks amazing on the model though!
Ugh.  i was so excited to get this dress and for 30% off.  this dress is adorable.  unfortunately the top part is super tight around my girls.  otherwise the fit was perfect.  very disappointed in the top of this dress.
I really like this top. while it looks somewhat like just a t-shirt  it is not. the fabric is light and soft  it has a great texture feel  it dioes not feel like a regular cotton shirt. the print is lovely. i am very pleased.
This top exceeded my expectations. i got it in the gray striped pattern  size small. it's probably the combination of the pattern and the removable padding that makes it very flattering on my small chested figure (i would imagine big chested gals would not find enough support in this one though). the fabric is very soft and comfortable with just enough stretch. overall  very happy with this top. but does it have to be so expensive  retailer?
Do not buy these pants!  the first time i washed these pants i ended up with big faded spots  and i followed the washing instructions.  i bought another pair and the same thing happened.  i'm out a bunch of money!
I was so happy to find this in extra small. it is such a cute loose fitting top.. very soft and flowy tank. the orange color is so pretty. i went down a size in this top
This skirt is really cute and very comfortable. i can dress it up for work or dress it down for casual. fun color too.
I love this dress! the colors work well with my olive skin color  it has pockets and it has a hi-lo front/back.â â i have slim hips so the tie waist is very flattering which gives an hourglass figure.â â i am 5?2?  116 lbs and a 32d.â â i usually need a petite size because retailer dresses run a little long on me. but i was able to get away with getting an xs regular because of the hi-lo length. it fell perfectly above my knee.
Top is completely see through. i cant imagine if it were to get wet what it would look like. it is a cute design but not practical at all.
I was very excited to get this dress in the mail. i wasn't sure about the sizing because there weren't any reviews written yet. i got the m which fit across my chest area and fit fine  but there was just so much fabric below the bust. i love that it's different  but i think you'd have to be a stick figure for this shape to work for you. it does not flatter your body at all.
The fitted top and flared skirt are really nice on this piece. i am 5'6" 125lb and i took a 6. a 4 might have been ok  but i felt more comfortable in the 6  and it had a really nice fit.    the quality is good  but there were some areas that were starting to pull and the floral details come a little frayed around the cutout edges  so i'm not sure how it will wear.
This is a fantastic sweater--really soft  great details. but it's huge. i'm generally between an xs and a s at retailer  and most always an xs with pure + good. but this time even the xs is huge! i wish they offered this one in an xxs. i love it so much that i may keep it anyway? it's really comfortable and i love the style. looks decent with my arms down (like the model's pose)  but when my arms are lifted out to either side  it really looks huge. i'll have to think on this one.
This is so pretty! it was beautiful in white but i bought the blue because the fabric is a little bit see through. i'm 5' 4" and weigh about 135 and this shirt fit just like on the model in the picture. it was a nice neat loose. not sloppy at all.
I am floored by all of the positive comments about these culottes! i can see that they would work for someone who is rail thin and has no hips... but for those of us with curves (i'm a size 12  hourglass)  these are very unflattering. they made me look like i was carrying an extra 20-30 pounds  just around the hips! so bummed because they look so cute on the model.
Love this shirt! i bought the light blue color and its amazing  fits well i love that its long in the back. very comfortable and loose. thinking of buying it in both pinks.
I received this dress as a gift and it has become such a great addition to my wardrobe! i love that i can wear it to work and then out with friends. a great value if you're looking for one special piece that you can get miles out of - you can wear the two pieces separate or together. i love floral and felt this non traditional take on a floral was very refreshing.
I'm normally a small in retailer tops. i ordered a small  and the top fit well in the shoulders and in the upper (more fitted) part. it all went horribly wrong from there. the top billowed out at the bottom and fit like a circus tent  instantly adding a good 50 pounds to my frame. this was such a disappointment  as the pattern is beautiful and the fabric is high quality.
Love this top..got it in both orange and white and always get compliments  especially on the orange color - beautiful and vibrant color! very comfy top and washes well with no problems. the style does swing but not too huge.
You want to buy this! it's so comfy and stylish  yet casual. the sale price is amazing. if anything  the arms of the coat are a bit thin compared to the body of the coat. overall  it fits well though. i ordered an xs. i almost want to order the other color i love it so much. i will probably wear this year round but it will be especially cute in autumn!
Bought in white. it has a ribbed detail that makes ir only for casual wear.  the white is pretty sheer. will return.
I was very shocked to receive this dress with a rusty zipper  looks like crusty white rust . see attached pictures. the dress fabric is very nice and i did try it on and it is a very nice fit  lined with a little stretch but my gosh what a cheap poor quality zipper that looks like it was old and exposed to moisture because the metal parts have a white crusty substance! retailer you really need to check your merchandise before sending to your loyal customers. lately the quality has been declining a
I'm not sure why this dress is getting great reviews. the plunging neckline is ridiculous and ran down to the underwire of my bra and the slit up the side came up to the upper part of my thigh. it was one of the worst fitting/cut dresses i've every tried on at retailer. i'm 5'4 125. maybe you have to be 6 feet tall and 90 pounds for this dress to not look like a bad renaissance faire costume.
I was excited to buy this sweater based on the online pictures.  although the ombre coloring is beautiful in person  i did not like the metallic trim at waist & cuffs.  the pictures don't really show the extreme brightness of the trim.  it looks literally like xmas ribbons were sewn into the sweater.  to me it looked like something a child would wear.  i ordered the 1  which was the smallest size offered.  it is oversized without much shape and i felt it added bulk around the middle.
Fun  sexy underwear but rides up in the front. will return
As a mom  items in my wardrobe that are easy to throw on in a flash  comfortable to run around in with my kids  and still look like i took some time putting together my outfit are priceless. these fit the bill on all counts. they look fantastic with a pair of booties and a light  flowing top.  these have to be the most comfortable joggers ever made.
I wanted to love this top! on me it was weirdly boxy. it was too wide and too short  and it was more sheer than i expected it. the fabric is lightweight but wrinkles really easy and loses shape pretty quickly. i also thought the fabric would be heavier and have more structure than it has. i love the scalloped detail at the arms but after about five minutes of wear this felt super crumpled and just kind of sloppy. unfortunately it will be going back.
Like some other reviewers  i  too  have to comment on the dress's fit. the dress doesn't fit right around the bust or the waist. as a seamstress myself  i know that the problem is that it doesn't have any darts in the bust  and thus the bust and the waist are just about the same size. this dress really just needed a few of these extra hidden details to fit right. while a belt helps  i don't think it helps enough to justify the price. it's too bad--i think the concept of it is cool  and i was rea
I really love this dress  just not on me! i am very curvy  with a rounder stomach. i normally wear a 10 (5'8  160lbs)  and the 10 fit  but it is so fitted that i didn't like how it showed everything. if i had a flatter stomach  i would have kept it  but it just doesn't work on my body style unless i wanted to constantly be pulling it down (it was riding up a bit). the fabric is great  the color and pattern are so lovely i almost ignored my instinct and kept it anyway (my boyfriend  who is picky 
Loved this pilcro denim jacket. slight stretch  well-constructed white denim with yellow-gold stitching. it is short and very nice fitting-versatile! runs tts. i am 5'5" 142 lbs 34d and small fit perfectly. i really like it and am not put off at all with thread color. actually gives it some character. mine did have a pen mark on the back but as usual retailer's great customer service provided a solution.
This shirt is so stunning. the photo does this shirt no justice. what you can't see from the image are the tiny gold threads that are woven throughout the shirt. they run vertically.and are very subtle and seen only up close. so pretty. also the detail in the chest area is perfect. i love this shirt.
Hello i could not see how this dress could get anything but a 5 star review . the only thing that i thought would be a negative is that it may stag easily. other than that this dress is stunning on and i feel it runs large . i wear a sz 4 and the xs fit just right i'm 5ft 6in tall looks great with a high heel since its really long to the floor which i like as far as the shine on this dress. i love it it makes it worth the price and dresses up a casual dress . and its very comfortable .
This top runs large. i am a 34 d and usually a medium or small. the medium was a little loose in the bust  but incredibly loose and swingy in the waist. my figure was lost in the fabric. the small was too small for me in the bust  although the waist looked more flattering. the coral color was lovely and bright and not too sheer.
I have always bought interesting  pretty  wearable dresses for my daughters at retailer. now the dresses are just retro funky. sad to see.
It is so simple but elegant and beautiful! i am 5'3 and 120 lb and extra small fits me perfectly
I just received this dress wadded up in a bag. it is nothing like the colors shown on line. in the picture it appears blue and white. in actuality it is teal and a funky color of beigey pink. the top is see though but it does see have a slip under the skirt. will be sending it back and again remind myself why i shouldn't try to buy a dress on line.
I purchased this top in the black and tan color  loved the fit  style and fabric. however  it is a loose weave and after just one wearing a hole opened up on the front  which could not be repaired. it was covered by the cowl neck collar but as the day wore on the hole got bagger and it can no longer be hidden. i was very disappointed in the quality of this top- i purchased it at full price and was only able to wear it once. i just didn't have the time to return it to the store.
The top falls nicely  great quality  the lace is beautiful. however  the sleeves are too wide and puffy. the top is voluminous and i wished it had more form fitting sleeves to balance this out. the top does not look flattering on me so i will be returning it.
Purchased this dress to wear to new orleans in may...perfect with sandals for casual and dinner. so sad that it was not as i had hoped. the fabric is a bit heavy  and the sleeves are very tight (i have thin arms). the color is a bit "off " as the background color is a gray  which doesn't flatter the yellow design. i purchased the large  as this size usually fits me with a bit of flow  but it was very tight all around  especially around the bust area. going to have to return this...
Shorts don't fit me like they did the first time and i've only worn them twice! the material isn't what is use to be. it stretches out to fast. i don't think i will be buying these again. wish i could take them back.
I ordered the dress online and found it to be not as pictured.  the length hit several inches above the knee.  the sleeves are also 3/4 length rather than full length as pictured.  i found the cut to be much less fitted through the torso as well.  i tried both the small and xsmall  which are my usual sizes.  the small was very loose through the torso  the xsmall was better  but looked overall too short  as if it were a petite cut.  i am 5'9"  however the model is supposed to be 5'10".
I absolutely love these capris. after reading the reviews  i thought that they may fit a bit snug through the thigh  but they fit perfectly. i am roughly a size six (depending on the design  i can sometimes squeeze into a 4). i bought the size 27 in these and its perfect. also  i thought that the green would be more of a mint  but its definitely a more of a mossy color. i love that they are so versatile and literally go with everything! will be getting more colors in the future! great buy!
I usually size up with this brand. small was perfect for me at 135lbs. this top has a luxurious but casual feel and beautiful. i am obsessed and want to wear it everyday. it wears a little long and drapey but a little tight where it rolls up in the arms.
Pretty fabric  nice style  took it back.
I really like these jeans  but order a size down. i'm typically a 14 and these were just too big. they stretch as it is and although they should have a baggier fit  they are just too baggie.
Runs a bit small  but this top is super soft like all the cloth and stone tops. great for all seasons!!
I took these out of the package and wanted them to fit so badly  but i could tell before i put them on that they wouldn't. these are for an hour-glass figure. i am more straight up and down. the waist was way too small for my body shape and even if i sized up  i could tell they would still be tight in the waist and too roomy in the hips - for me. that said  they are really nice. sturdy  linen-like fabric  pretty color  well made. i hope they make someone very happy!
I read the earlier reviews on this  and though i agree that the photo here does not show how wide and swingy the top is  i love it! it is so adorable and comfortable. i bought the petite s  and i am 5'2"  118 lbs. it fit true to size in the shoulders. the petite hits just a few inches below my waist  so you might want to keep that in mind if you do not want it to be this short. the sweater part is soft  not itchy  and the poplin sleeves and ruffle are crisp but soft as well. because this is very
I should have paid closer attention to the other reviews. i could barely get this blouse over my head! after getting it on  the armholes too are very small. the blouse other than that is pretty and very girlie. i love the pleating and dolman sleeves but i was strangled around my neck. i tried the small but think a medium wouldn't have been much better. it needs a button opening on neck and sleeves. i would have to put this on before makeup or doing my hair.   if you have a tiny head and pencil a
This lovely cardigan is just that much more special due to the lining on the body and in the pockets. they peek out and make the sweater more interesting. i wore the black one with a lace dress with cream underlayment and the cream details on the lining worked perfectly to offset the formality of the dress and make the whole outfit casual but chic. the sweater washed in the machine and kept its shape when i hung it to dry.
This top is on the boxy side but the design is cute and i love the pink color. the problem i had with this shirt is the huge arm holes. one side you could see the top of my bra  the other side was below the side of my bra. you could also see the inside back of the shirt through this arm hole  it was that big. this went back  will not re-order. i usually order xs or xsp  this was an xsp.
This looks great on. i'm busty  so it's a little awkward to zip under the armhole  but not bad. a little bit tight in the bust  but the smocked back stretches to accommodate.   i just wish the description had mentioned that it has silicone gripper across the front neckline. i have a sensitivity to this type of coating/elastic and generally avoid it  since it causes my skin to turn red and break out in blisters. the jumpsuit looks so great on that i will keep it and either remove the gripper or s
I received this top in the mail today not what i expected at all! it is a great fabric just way too much of it. it is proportionally incorrect width wise. unfortunately this one will be going back.
I know a lot of folks thought this top was too big/boxy  but i'm pretty slim up top with a big booty (quintessential pear shape)  and i think the shape is totally flattering. your mileage may vary  but with free returns i'd just try it on first.  i sized down one size  which helped  and got the raspberry  colored one. i adore the color -- it's impossibly vibrant  and beautiful for spring summer or fall. the eyelets don't have any cloth underneath  just bare skin   but they're so small that i don
Dress appears to be slim fit  but that's far from the case. usually wear an xs regular because i have a long torso for my 5'3"  but it just hung on me like a heavy sack. i have a hard time finding dresses now that i'm not working and like to have a couple on hand for all purpose occasions--weddings  memorials  special occasions. i hoped this one would meet my needs. disappointed.
It's a beautiful top  but not for the price. very thin material (not see-through though)  i fear it may easily rip.
On me this was not good at all. couldn't get it off fast enough. the thick  stretchy fabric instantly added bulk to my frame and the leaf pattern over my mid section emphasized my belly (and i'm a size 2). also  the color is a dark  brick red and i think if it had been a true red it would have been much more attractive.
Despite the fact that this jacket is made from a gorgeous ottoman looking knit fabric  and has perfect fit  nice arm length  looks good on the hanger  the jacket did me no justice at all. it arrived folded  in the mail  so i had to press down the unruly pleats before i could try it on (you have to do this with nearly every item you buy online that comes folded flat and stuck in a cellophane bag.). so i pressed the jacket  tried to neaten the pleats but to no avail. the pleats would not stay put
This sweater is the perfect sweater except for one thing.....it sheds everywhere. i can simply pick up the sweater and shake it in one hand and 40 large pieces of lint go everywhere on the ground and on you. if you like dark jeans- don't purchase. before i walked out of the store- the salesperson had to use a delineator on me- it was hysterical. sheds so much
I have been looking for a button-down denim skirt that would be short enough for me  and was glad to see that this one came in a petite. i ordered it in a 2p and a 4p with plans to return the one that didn't fit. 99% of the time  one of these sizes will fit me. in this case  however  even the 2p was slightly too big. i'm going to exchange for a 0p. for anyone who normally wears a 0  you might want to pass on this  as it will probably be too big.    on the plus side  it's quite lightweight and so
I was expecting elbow-to-full-length sleeves and like a previous review noted  they were short. very weird look for a wrap. returned.
I ordered this blouse as a gift for my mom. it is too pricey to live up to my expectations. it is quite sheer and the hem of the sleeves are unfinished which you can't see in the pictures. this makes a very expensive blouse look cheap. it is made of viscose and dry clean only. the material used is not on par with the price in my opinion. if it had been real silk or another natural fiber  ok. but for me this and the unfinished hem along with the price is a deal breaker for me.
I was aware of the split sleeves when i purchased-- hoping to try something new. they're not attractive. the slit stays open with any movement. i don't think it would be appropriate for work . overall the fit is true to size. i otherwise liked the design  but the sleeves made this a quick return ....
These culottes run very large--more than 2 inches of gaping waist band in my usual size. i would have kept them if they had fit  although sitting in them on a hot day might cause major wrinkling
Beautiful sweater  very delicate fabric  unique design  but it runs very small. i usually wear a m  but ordered a large based on the previous review hoping that would do the trick. the sizing  along with being long waisted isn't a good combination. unfortunately  i'm returning the sweater.
This cape/poncho item is totally amazing. from the moment it whispered over my head as it slipped past my hair  i knew i had to have it. this piece is magical. it feels like you're wearing a blanket (the warmth factor)  but the length is so perfect that it doesn't overwhelm you  nor does it make you look like a tank. the colors are amazingly saturated and the quality is so worth the price. the model is wearing it with light brown  but i tried it on over black leggings in the store and it works w
Pretty white pants with nice design at the bottom of the legs. had to have them hemmed a little.
I didn't notice what some of the other reviews have said. i think it's very flattering  makes my waist look tiny and the flouncy skirt is a lot of fun. it is low cut in the bust  but not crazy. i'm a modest person and i'm comfortable with it. what i like best however it the cut of the top. it is wide enough at the arms to cover any armpit bulge! the fabric is very light and soft and the colors are vibrant and fun. it does run a tad large. i can go between a 2 and 4 in most retailer dresses and got
If you are thinking about purchasing this dress without trying on in person  i bet you aren't going to be happy with it. for a phisique that is 5' 3" and 115lbs  this dress is not too short. however  the back key hole design is just not flattering. i felt like clothes in the back shoulder area is not fitted well and the zip up closure is not all the way zipped up even though it was so.
Not as cute as photos  and too small in chest. i am 5'5''  125 lbs  and the small was too tight in the chest  and i am not large here at all. shoulders and sleeve length fit well. will return. not comfortable  and will need to be able to button it on rainy days.
Really unattractive shirt. nothing good i can say about it. horrible fit. i can't imagine this would look good on anyone.
I absolutely love this top! it is soft  comfortable and perfectly flowy. this is definitely my favorite go to casual summer top.
I'm 5'4"  usually a small in retailer sizes  6-8 pants  i purchased the 8 petite
I love the look of this dress. the fitting could use some work--the top layer could be slightly more fitted--but overall it looks adorable. as other reviewers have mentioned the top does not have any button loops.     my biggest issue with the dress is the quality of the material. one time through the wash on the gentle cycle and the slip underneath has shrunk at least a full size. for the price of this dress  i don't expect disposable clothing. if i had known it would shrink  i would've hand wa
I popped into retailer the other day just to look around  and saw this dress - the fabric stood out first  then i saw the cut and style  and fell in love! they only had xs and s  and i'm usually a m because of my chest (34d) but it looked so voluminous  i thought i'd try it on. the s fit perfectly! the bodice fit a bit more closely  and the rest of the dress flowed beautifully beneath it. the sleeves are quite large  but it's kind of a fun look and feel. it's got a very "peasant princess" feel to
I love this top! it's well-made (important if you're in chlorine or salt water) and has vibrant colors. the back strap has two clasp options  so not much room for adjustment but i like this fastening method because you don't have a big bow to lay on when laying out.
This sweater has the perfect slouchy shape for fall. i wish it were a little bit softer and heavier - the fabric is pretty lightweight - but it layers beautifully and will be a staple for me this season.
Love this shirt  great fabric and fit. trying to wait for a sale to buy several others in additional colors.
The cut of this top is cute. it's a great basic t with a little flare. it's pretty pricey given that the fabric is so thin.
This dress is super comfy and really cute! i was worried that the horizontal stripes might not be flattering  but they didn't make me look larger at all. it's great for casual wear  but can easily be dressed up with a jacket and booties.
I completely agree with the other reviewer. this sweater is so much prettier in person. i've been looking for years for a tasteful fur sweater and i think i finally found it. the size large was true to size for me aside from the very long sleeves  but i also have short arms. the fur isn't overwhelming and i love the pockets. i usually find sweaters with wool itchy but this one is not (it's 26% wool). i do plan to wear a cami or tank underneath.
Loved the color and the deshn. but when i put on  did not look right. waist was too short and the arms were long.
Works great on my 5'11" frame.  is pretty and feminine.  great with skinny jeans and booties!
The material is soft and comfortable and the top of the shirt fits well.  when it comes to the bottom part of the shirt there's a lot of extra fabric which makes it balloon out. it made me look much bigger than i am.  i ordered a large (normally i wear lg or xl) and it's possible a medium would have fit better. unfortunately this shirt had to be returned.
Very cute in person  too. soft to the touch and comfy. as a person on the shorter side the roll up cuffs sold me on these pants! can't wait for it to get cool enough to wear them.
This was completely different than i expected. the xs/s was so large that it looked messy. unfortunately i had to return it.
It's ok  fit doesn't wow me because of my body. chest is too wide  hips look too narrow. drapes across my back fat in an especially non-flattering way. basically made my square-apple body look more square-apple. great part about this dress is that it's comfy and hides the tummy pooch. construction is poorly done...contrasting liner at v-neck is rolling out on one side only and then doing the same at the hem contralaterally. another negative point is dry clean only. boo. i'm 5'3" 140# 39-28-35 an
You know when you're shopping and you don't buy something you like  but later you can't stop thinking about it? that was the case with his sweater! i saw it paired with a cute top in the store so i tried it on on a whim. i'm so glad i eventually got it! it's toasty  soft  and thick with the perfect amount of quirk.
I ordered this since it looked so cute on the model . when i it arrived  i was excited to try it on  but when i did...blah. the color is murky and the top runs large  not to mention that the material is too heavy for a short sleeved top (plus it's lined). i really wanted to like it and debated wetting it and then putting it in the dryer to shrink it a bit. in the end  i decided that it wasn't worth it. too bad  as the concept was a good one. it just failed in the execution.
As part of the over 60 crowd  i rarely wear dresses any more - but this called out to me.. and it didn't disappoint! i ordered the plum - true to size and and color. i usually wear a medium and it fit perfectly. i liked the previous review suggestion and i will also wear this with boots and t-shirt to get more use out of it as well as dressing up.it's a real keeper.
This looked beautiful online  but the skirt isn't 100% silk - the strips of fabric have different fiber content levels  with most of them containing some level of polyester. parts of the skirt felt like plastic to touch  and one strip has a very prominent gold sheen that looks cheap. overall very disappointing - this is not at all the beautiful silk skirt that it appears to be online.  a definite return. i wouldn't even recommend this at first or second cut.
Great dress. looking forward to wearing it with tights. fits great.
I ordered 2 dressed in 2 different sizes. neither fit... both were very tight... runs very small.
Absolutely love the print and quality is great too! unfortunately  for a well endowed woman like myself  it runs terribly small in the bust and hip region. it absolutely does not look as flowy on an hourglass body type. too bad because it's beautiful! might try sizing up but doubt it will work :(
Love this dress!!! i agree with the other reviewers  i had to size up one size  but then it was perfect. i'm 5'5  125 lbs. and the size 6 worked great.
Wow! this sure is close fitting  as in suction cups to your body! yikes  definitely not forgiving for those of us with curves. to me  it seems like the material will wear well. i bought this for a great sales price so i may keep it  not sure. it would work fine as a layering piece but if i gain even 5 lbs  it won't work. i ordered the medium and am usually a small. the large might have worked best but probably still pretty clingy. i do recommend this if you are thin with no problem areas.
I love the patterns and the colors! easy to dress up or down.  i ordered a small and just ordered a can to compare them. the cut is great as the sides still meet even though there's no closure. it's a good weight for this weather and winter! i live in sweater coats where i am and this is a great addition.  it's a little itchy  that's the only flaw.
Love this dress! the colors are a smidgen darker than the photo shows  which i like even better. super comfortable  nice flow  great fit. definitely will be a favorite of mine for this summers
I got the burgundy color and i do have to say that the color looks a little better online than it does in person  but it's not too much of a difference. this is a really cute thong  and if you're just trying to be sexy/romantic  then i think it would be fine and there's nothing at all wrong with it. however  i like to wear thongs just in general because i think they're comfortable and i like not having to worry about panty lines  and this is definitely not the most comfortable. the front pattern
I ordered this and there is just so much fabric! in the pictures i think it is pinned in the back  in the main photo  to make it look more streamlined. definitely a miss!
This top is for someone flat chested and skinny. i really like the styling  color  fabric and everything except that it's not for my body type. i am a 36dd and have a little bit of a stomach... so it makes me look fat from the sides.  the pictures taken on the model are from the front and back - but i will bet she would still look good in it from the sides! will be returning it.
Pretty design and good quality but the medium was very balloony at the bottom. fit my chest alright (34c) but flared out way too much at the bottom.
Absolutely love this in blue. the cut and fit are flowy while still having a flattering shape. the colors and pattern are accurate on screen - vibrant and rich. the tie front is a pretty detail allowing the top to feel a little dressy. very happy with this purchase!
Material was a tad rough for my liking. the color did nothing for my olive complexion. given the price of this shirt (even with 20% off) i don't think it's worth it. if i'm spending $100+ on a blouse i need to love it and i do not love this one...going back.
This blouse is flattering and fits great. i also have the other color in cream with the floral design. very nice!
This tee was meant to be loose and swishy  but as it runs large  sizing down means the sides come up really high  as they curve a good 3-4" higher up. so your waistband is exposed  and it just doesn't look nice:( returned an xs and small.
Great style but not so great quality:(  stone fell off right away.  but they still look great
When you buy a dress full price and it goes on sale before you can even wear it ($168 down to $49) uuuuggghhh... i like the dress fine enough  but it has a weird under wire  it makes my chest look strange  like i don't fill it in. i usually don't have that problem as a c cup. more orange/red then yellow as well. wouldn't recommend.
Disappointed with the fit and color of this sweater. more of a rusty red then bright cherry red. i ordered a small and found the sweater had no shape and just hung lumpy on me. i am 5'5 120 and usually a small in retailer sweaters.
I love this sweater! i'm very sensitive to fabrics and this really doesn't bother me too much. it's soft  but just a tiny bit scratchy. but the color is a rich purple and the flexibility of being able to wear it draped or not is a nice touch. it comes right at waist length....little on the short side if you want to hide your muffin top  but otherwise a winner all around.
Agree with above review. these are described totally wrong. they are not 8.5 rise. they are very high rise  so much that i didnt even try them on...the color isnt good either  it looks like a cheap levi's color or just not a quality denim. if you like high rise  you might like them. i can't comment on fit..
I normally wear a large to medium but due to other reviews i ordered a med and could've worn a small. i still love it and i'm so glad i ordered.
At the beginning of summer  i first ordered one of these tops in size xl. i liked the colors and the material was such a soft  open weave. i thought it would be perfect for the hot weather so i ordered a 2nd on sale. unfortunately  even though these are made of mesh  these tops ended up being really hot. i wore them in texas  new york  new jersey  and florida. i thought they'd be a good  pretty choice. but  the material with the gathered waist & wrists  trapped in the heat. it was just too sheer
I was minimally torn over whether to return this but ultimately it's going back because the knit is just too thin. i thought it would be cozy and be of normal sweater weight but it's not. and because it's so light  the swing effect doesn't really come off. nothing special.
Great fabric and color but fits like a potato sack -- so sad bc i would have loved it
I bought this jacket based on how it looked on the model  and from the reviews. i found it to be super big  and unflattering to say the least. i'm 5"10  155lbs. i sent it back.
I love this dress but i will return it because the sleeves are too tight. i have never had this problem before. i ordered a petite 0 and petite 2. for reference i am 5' 4" tall and 117 lbs. the length is perfect and i really like the style. if the sleeves had not been so tight i would have kept the petite 0. the petite 2 sleeves were no looser. sorry that this did not work for me.
This dress had so much potential. the top was absolutely gorgeous. my issue was with the bottom half of the dress. the bottom is made from a heavy quilted material that is stiff and has no movement at all. the dress is supposed to fit like a modified mermaid dress where its more fitted around the hips and flares out  the dress i received had so much material on the bottom that it actually made my hips look bigger. i though about having the dress altered but decided to return instead.
This dress is pretty and is somewhat fitted in the bodice. it does have an a-line fit in the skirt. the stitching is beautiful. honestly the stitching was a little too bright for me. some may like that  but i was hoping for a little more toned down or muted. the colors are so vibrant in my opinion it almost cheapens the dress. the fabric is cotton and it is not lined. i am 5'9" and it does hit right about where it does on the model. i am sending it back  because i didn't say "wow  i love this" w
I am 5 '5 and 119 pounds with an athletic cury body type. the dress wore bulky and ran large at size 2.
Really gorgeous print! i purchased these to go with the top (also recommend it as well) and i love these! i have a larger behind  and it's nowadays it seems to find swimsuits with full coverage without feeling like a diaper - these are it. there is elastic at the leg openings  so that may be uncomfortable for some  but i found no problem with it. for reference  i am usually a 6/8 28/29 in pants  and i purchased a medium.
I got this online in a sale and couldn't wait to try it on at home! it's so cute  the fabric is a great print and the fit is swingy  which i love. i have a larger bust than waist and i'm 5'8"  160 lbs. i ordered my normal size 10 and it fit perfectly. i can't wait to wear it with booties this fall!
A must have 1 piece. every time i wear this i get compliments! it's very flattering  amazing quality  soft material  good support and vibrant colors! i wish this came in more colors and patterns. worth the money no questions asked!
I disagree with the reviewer that says these are more straight-legged. for me they fit tight throughout. sits perfectly on the waist with just enough stretch  but they still look very structured. i'm 5'0  110 lbs and the 26 fit me perfectly. the length was perfect for my height. often pants are too loose in the ankle for me  but these are snug and perfect to wear with booties.
I am a fan of these designers and their gorgeous fabrics - most of which are heavy brocades. this is so pretty and fun. the print is playful  and colors are gorgeous  and the fit is floaty but not too full or too tight. i love the bit of beading  and that i can dress it up or down.    i am petite and not usually a bigger print or long dress fan  but i know that i will wear this one for years.     i did get a 00 petite as i know that only this small size fits me at retailer - 0's swallow me. this i
Cute shirt but no worth full price for sure. runs small in the bust. and i am not busty at all. definitely order up a size. i am returning mine  however  because of size and price.
I was on the fence about this dress because even on the model  it's a little bit frumpy  but it was so pretty that i tried it. however  on my short frame  it's even frumpier. the quality is very good  the fabric is soft and it's lined. the pattern is really pretty and delicate and i wish it was more flattering. i think the only way this dress will look good is if you are quite tall and thin. i am 5'4"  110 lbs with large-ish hips and i ordered a 2p  but even the petite was too saggy. i needed a
Although this has a nice design and i wanted to love it  it already looked ruined in the store with pulls all over each one i found. the fit is nice but i wouldn't buy it due to the material being too delicate.
I bought this in a petite size s after trying on the regular size in the store. it was a good move because the proportions in length and width are more flattering. the pattern is busy but works well with patterns in the same color group. it has no finished seams on any edge but that makes it drape nicely. it is a soft  soft fabric  almost fleece-like but not plush.
Bought this shirt in mid-july  washed twice (cold  delicate) and hung to dry. already holes/falling apart
This dress is the best of all worlds: sophisticated  modern  and flattering. i was surprised that the "dress" is actually two separate pieces: a navy blue slip and a bold magenta lace overlay  which will be perfect going into fall and the holiday season. i had two babies back-to-back and am not back to my pre-baby shape  but i was pleased to see how flattering this dress was. i will be wearing it to a wedding in a couple of weeks  and i know i will feel comfortable and confident in it.
I thought this was such a beautiful cardigan from the online photos. i ordered it in the small size but the fit is strange. the arms and wrist cuffs are so large it cannot be pushed up to stay out of the way for things i would like to do when wearing it (i'm a teacher and my classroom is that kind of environment). i was also confused by the front "collar" ribbing and how it was supposed to lay - open  folded over  partly folded over - it just didn't seem to have a particular style to this area.
This gorgeous sky blue sweater was already in the dressing room to try on; i was not shopping for anything like this whatsoever. well  i tried it on and decided it was a must-buy. i usually need a petite in sweaters and coats  but this one  because i prefer a longer length  fits just fine  and the sleeves are not too long. the color is beautiful. it seems to be warm enough for sf evenings. it think the price is quite reasonable for a sweater/coat like this. a great purchase!
I really looked forward to receiving this piece  it was however extremely difficult to get on and off. you have to step into it and it is very narrow. it is difficult to get your arms in and i had to have my husband's help getting it off. i am 5'9" 135 pounds. i have a fit figure. i ordered a medium  i wear a small or x-small for a top and an 8 in shorts or pants. once it was on i was not thrilled with the extra material around the hips and tummy area. it is not terribly becoming  it bunches up
I usually have to order a size up in ranna gill dresses because of tight bodices. i did this time and it's too big  so i would stay tts or size down depending on your bust size. color is more moss/olive (green with a gray undertone) than shown online. no liner and the fabric is a smooth polyester that feels more summer weight than autumn. gorgeous embroidery on the chest. teeny tiny neck button closure and fussy side zip. i am 5'3" and purchased petite but it is still too long unless i wear my f
It's always sunny when i wear this sunshine yellow tee.  love the color and they way it was pieced together.  has a flattering feminine fit whole still feeling relaxed and casual.  it's slightly sheer but not obscene.  all linen and a little scratchy so if you're sensitive  be aware.  i purchased medium and i'm 39/28/35 140# 5'3"
Bought this top at my local store and tried it on as soon as i got home. yikes! it was way too billowy  i looked like i was pregnant. will be trying the next size down on in the store to see if it is billowy.
I loved the photo of this dress. upon examination of the dress (and trying it on) after receiving in the mail  the dress shown online is nothing like the dress i received save for the pattern. the dress i received has a side zip as well as a belt and no pleats on the top. the bottom is also cut straight across not as it appears in the photo. turns out it is not as flattering as it should appear.
I read all reviews and i decided to try as the price was great. first of all i am 5'6" 145 lbs  athletic build (not skinny but have muscles). the sweater fits great  just like glove  it does not make me look fat. the quality is great sweater is warm  cozy and well-made. i am not sure about color as it's brighter as it shown. it is not quite coral  it's a little bit darker which will make it difficult to match it with. the sleeves run small so if you are taller then me just keep it in mind. th sw
I love jumpsuits in general. however  it is usually either a yay or a nay and this was definitely a yay! i am currently wearing it right now as i write this review! the waistband hits perfectly on me. i am 5'7 and about 160 and i bought the large. super easy to throw on!
The colors are amazing. so vibrant and plentiful. the arm holes are fairly generous but not bad. i think it just adds to the loose fitting nature of the dress. i got a medium.. i'm 170 with a small chest. medium is my norm for maeve. the buttons in the back are difficult  you need help getting on  but getting off you can do solo. this dress makes your shoulders look really good!! it sits in a very flattering way.
These looked super cute online and i was excited about getting them. i wanted that slightly baggy look to be able to carry them off similar to the model. so i referred to the size chart and ordered the size that said it would allow this. based on the size chart for this item...it is wrong. i should have had extra room. instead they were tight around the hips. i measured my hips before ordering and i am a seamstress....so i know where and what to measure. this is a nice quality product though...j
The melon color is soft and flattering. it is a little on the long side in the back  but i paired it with a lightweight  flowy sweater  and received compliments.
This is baggy on me in my regular size. this happens to be a good thing because it's also very thin...tissue thin... material. the reason that's a good thing is i can wear another t- shirt under it with all that extra room and it hangs nicely. i'm hoping it shrinks a bit when i wash it in hot water.the design on the front is the only real reason i'm keeping it.
This dress is really lovely. if fits and flows in a very flattering way although it is a bit long (i'm really tall so that's a very nice feature for me :p) it actually feels more linen-y than i expected to which was surprising  (i probably didn't read the product description close enough) but it was a pleasant surprise. can't wait to wear this to brunch/beach parties this summer! fair warning  it's also a little see-through - might want to wear nude underwear ;)
I ordered this dress in two sizes  pxs and ps. they both arrived in a timely manner but the pxs was snagged upon arrival. there were a few other reviewers that stated the dress snagged easily but i loved the classic look of this dress so i thought i would take the chance. unfortunately i had to take both back to the store because the potential for snagging the fabric was too high even considering the sale price. also  the dress comes with a cotton slip but the slip for the pxs was tiny while the
I wear a size 4 and i ordered the small for this top. it is huge and gave me a maternity-look that i wasn't going for. i was hoping for a loose  body-skimming fit as shown on the model in the picture but that wasn't happening with this top.
Beautiful dress  wonderful fabric  very well made  just runs really small! so sad  i wanted this dress for a special event!
First comment about this piece is that it runs unbelievably small  which is not in line with most retailer pieces. i had to size up two sizes to get the size to close  on top of being busty. the material is thin and mildly see thru  but i think the shape it cute and it had a unique look to it with the tiny gold buttons and non-collar top. i decided to keep it.
This dress is so cute. i love that it has pockets. it looks great with sandels  and also ballet flats. it is airy  and run true to size. i wear a small  and it fit perfect. i even bought the other navy  and cream dress. you will wear this dress over  and over. just roll up the sleeves  and throw it on  and your ready. just love it!!!!
This is an extremely flattering dress. i couldn't resist buying it  even though i didn't come into the store looking for a dressier dress  which i feel this is. once i tried it on  i had to purchase it. its one of those things that i know i won't regret because at some point  an occasion will show up that i'll wear it to. its soft  comfy and flowing and accentuates the body's curves without being too tight or clingy. its a classic!
This product is incredibly comfy and perfect for getting cozy however the sleeves were sort of loose and did not look cohesive with the grey. props on the draping though  that was lovely.
Tried this on in store and it runs very small. i am a size 4  but have curvy hips  so i sized up to a size 6 and i couldn't even button it. i was hoping it was more of an a-line  but it's fit more like a pencil skirt. not very flattering on my body type. overall  cute design  but not for me.
It's a pretty top with a lot of intricate detail and love the edge the studs give it but it looks fuddy duddy in ivory. looks nicer in black but you loose some of the detail in the dark color. the lace is not soft either but has more of a polyester  slightly scratchy feel. sizing is true to size and it fits well if the style floats your boat.
This shirt has absolutely no shape. look carefully at the model and you we discover she is cleverly positioned to hide the sheer boxy-ness of this shirt. the print is beautiful but it looks like a maternity shirt. i even ordered the xs at 5'7 and 130 lbs but found it too baggy. returned.
Lightweight  soft cotton top and shorts. i think it's meant to be a beach cover-up but i'm wearing it as a thin  light-weight summer outfit on these hot hot days. the top has a loose elastic around the bottom which i didn't realize when i ordered it  but i like it and it matches the look in the photos. and the shorts are very low-cut - don't expect them up around your waist. again  i like that. some might want to wear a cami underneath because it's a thin cotton but i'm fine as-is. i bought it i
I have never written a review before  and i love retailer and shop here often. however  i am so unhappy with this shirt i wanted to share to save someone else money. it is such poor quality  it looks thick and flows in the photo  it is very thin and it itches so bad  i could hardly even stand to try it on when it came in the mail. i will deff be taking it back  and do not recommend it at all.
I really wanted to love this t and was excited to receive it in the mail. i thought i was being realistic in assuming that is would be somewhat sheer given that there doesn't seem to be a woman's white t on the planet that isn't these days  however it was really sheer. the fit was also short and boxy (this coming from a 5'3 woman who is short-waisted) on the plus size the material is extremely soft and the design is cute. maybe if you are younger and don't mind the sheerness it's worth the gambl
Wanted to get this sweater in the red but the size has been sold out for a long time  then saw the navy go on sale and snatched it up. great fit  cropped shorter than most sweaters very classic looking and perfect for layering into the fall.
I love the fit of this dress! the fabric is thick and the shape of it is so adorable. i usually don't like bright colors  but i got it in red and it's just so charming. can't wait to wear it out!
These jeans not only fit well  i love the way the fabric feels. for denim the fabric feels soft on the skin. i am 5'8 and the inseam of 30 inches was perfect. they call them "hi-rise"  but them seem more like a "mid-rise" to me which i prefer. i am going to buy another pair in a different wash.
I love wide neck & off-shoulder tops. i think they are very flattering. at first i thought the fabric was too thin but then realized since i want to wear this with a fuller party skirt  its nice that ir is not too bulky. i actually think it will be really cute with white jeans in the summer and great way to dress up a casual outfit.
I have these shirts in the blue and green and they were great. i'm 5'4" c chest and athletic build - the small shirts fit pretty good and i love the fabric so i kept them. i really wanted these dresses to work but the cut was different even between the gray and burgundy. there was tons of room in the chest  but it was tight in the shoulders. i really wanted to love this  but there's just too many cut issues. it is a good length for work though.
These are awesome! i have the pink which is a very light faded sort of color. they are beautiful and very nice quality. they are slimmer and stretchier then i imagined but very flattering.
Very disappointed that i ordered this dress and a large was too big. returned and asked for an exchange to a size medium  it was apparently not available in the medium  i was charged a 5.95 fee for return shopping. so i immediately went to website  medium available and i had to pay another 12.95 for shipping. seems a bit unreasonable  but really liked the dress.
Disappointing  back is yellowish and looks strange. the front view is cute but doesn't match the fabric on the back at all. can't imagine why you would do that?
I purchased these on sale. one thing to say  i had to return the first pai r (xs) as there was a missing section of stiching on the sema  creating a whole you can't really fix neatly. so i ordered a new pari. i usually like petite  but regular size was fine  they jsut end up being to the ankle (longer)  not bunchy. i also ordered xxs peite to compare  but that was smaller on waist  almost not comfortable)  and the laced-up part looked a little weird/overstretched. i have not used htem to work ou
I have a love-hate relationship with this dress. the fabric and print are beautiful but like most swing styles  this dress doesn't work if you're curvy. tried on an xs in the store which was huge  ordered an xxsp  the length was perfect but the dress does nothing for a pear-shape. looks marginally better cinched in with the belt but i was lost in all the fabric and the skimming nature of the dress did nothing for me. as my boyfriend said  "that looks like something you'd wear if you were pregnan
I rarely order pants on line...as the size often varies so much. took a chance on these as they were on sale and they are just stink'n adorable! i am so glad i did  i love them. i ordered both colors  haven't got the neutral pair yet but the green plaid fits me like they were made for me!! for reference i am about 5"3' tall  my weight is around 137.5 ish. i ordered the 28 regular  and they fit perfectly. i hope they don't stretch to much when i wear them. if so i will update my review. i just lo
I was very pleasantly surprised by the beautiful  intricate threaded material of this shirt! it takes the shirt from a casual top to an intricate and unique piece in my closet that can be dressed up or down. the top is definitely larger than i expected - i wear a size small (ordered a small) and it's very wide (lots of extra material) as it falls! i checked it to see if i had accidentally received a large when it first came. it looks like a baby doll shirt  with the shirt getting wider and more
Love these pants! super comfy and casual. i found they run true to size and are just lose enough to feel casual  not sloppy. my only complaint  the cuffs of the jeans were thoroughly covered in some kind of animal hair! very disgusting. but love the jeans.
I absolutely adore these shorts and pick a few colors every year. like last year  these do run big so do size down. the length is perfect to roll them as much as you like. they look great after washing and wish they came in more brighter colors. love these and highly recommend these!
This top is so darling  the different textures are so elegant that you really don't even need to accessorize. it has a very flattering cut and a must for any figure.
Love the pleating on this top. looks great with my  white jeans. it's lightweight and has a slight sheerness.
I am so sad that this romper didn't work out. it's just way too billowy and huge. i am usually between a small and medium so i ordered this small. i'm petite and somewhat curvy and i was absolutely swimming in this romper! might look best on taller girls. i am 5 '2 and about 125-130 lbs and this was like wearing a tent. do not recommend. such a bummer because i was a believer after treading all of the great reviews!
This is such a soft  comfortable and well fitting blazer. i love the structured cut of a material that is usually used in more casual designs. i look forward to wearing it very often in the fall. so glad i purchased this one!
Nice practical tank  that i can wear with everything. but  the fabric is kind of weird - overly warm and pulls up around the bottom when i wear it sometimes. i would still recommend it  but just know it's not just a cotton tank.
Ordered this jacket in the holly color thinking it would be brown per the photo but when it arrived it was more olive green. it is a beautiful  well-made jacket but i already have two olive green jackets?don?t need a third. if they bring this jacket out in brown i will definitely order. i order the xs and it fit perfectly.
I bought this tee in all 3 colors  and wish there were more!  fabulous quality  material and style.  can dress up or down; wear with jeans  pants or skirts.  wear alone or layer.  don't miss out on this addition to your wardrobe!
Caught my eye at checkout  and had to run back to the dressing room for a quick try-on  which ended up being a great call! the dress is super easy and flattering  as the lining keeps it skimming over my hourglass shape. the fabric has a sweet floral texture  and the gathering takes a basic shape and makes it interesting. i'm 5'4" and it came just above the knee in front  while the back was a bit longer (another flattering feature). this is going to be a summer go-to!
I love this dress! it is amazingly comfortable and flattering (i would think to many body types). i have a more athletic  petite body build and this dress gives me great curves. i have already received so many compliments while wearing it out! the best part is  i can wear it to work (i'm a teacher)  and then wear it out by easily dressing it up.
This dress us high quality and feels great  however i am 5'5" and it is too long for me. will definitely need to shorten but love it  not above knee as pictured for a non supermodel!
Another reviewer said it best  "i love the way this dress makes me feel." i couldn't agree more. the lines are perfect and effortless.   with all the different reviews on size  i went into the store to try it on. i am usually always a s or m at retailer and a s fit perfectly. i think sizing down any more takes away from the casual look of the dress. i am 5' 5"  130  and have a small bust.
I simply love this jacket. it's comfortable  soft and has a relaxed fit that is easy to wear. i wish i had bought mine while it was on sale.
Lovely color and sweet top  but the fabric was so itchy i couldn't wear it.
A feminine yet mature looking cami. i did not need to wear a bra because the material is thick and stretchy (i am a 34a). it looks great with a pencil skirt as well as chino shorts. feels soft and comfy. can dress it up or down. i took a small and it fit perfectly  (l am 5'4" 120lbs).
I tried this topper sweater on at the store but wanted to wait for it to go on sale so i just purchased it with my extra thirty percent off and think it's such a nice deal. i really like how this one is soft  well made  has nice long sleeves and how adorable the inside lining is. the lining matches the print inside the pockets that peak out a bit. i didn't find this one too boxy for me as it's a topper after all. there are no closure buttons or clasps but i think it's a great piece to throw on w
I love this shirt. i wore it once and it is so cute on - the problem came from washing. i washed once and made sure i washed on gentle. i took it out of the washer and hung it to dry and noticed that there was now a tiny hole in the body of the shirt. i am planning to exchange this and hoping it doesn't happen again!
I didn't realize that the grey sleeves are attached (i assumed that was just an undershirt on the model). needless to say it looks cheap and poorly made. will be returning
I loved the design of the top! it looks great in person too. i am typically a size 12 top  and i ordered a size l. i could barely get the top on  and once on  it was super tight around my armpit area and waist. i am going to exchange it for an xl and hope that that will fit. the fabric has no give or stretch; it is tight fitting. underneath the ruffles the top looks like a halterneck tank top style.
This dress is absolutely hideous on my physique. ordered a size 6 and it hung on me like a cheaply made tent. i have an athletic built am a 34d. it is going back asap.
Ordered a size medium as i usually take a medium in retailer coats- the wool is wonderful however the stripped bands are sewn into the fabric which add to the weight. the coat has an odd shape - not a line or straight. the medium was large on me. the bottom edges of the coat did not line up when buttoned and there was no inside hook or button to help even out the bottom edges. sadly this coat will be returned.
I wanted these culottes to work so much! the fabric is gorgeous  but the size i ordered didn't fit. i'm normally a size 28 in pants  and i ordered a size 8. it was way too tight and made me look like i had a pooch in the zipper area. not what i wanted it to be. had to return them unfortunately.
I saw this dress in my local retailer store  and am not sure why i did not try it on then  but later at home it began to haunt me. i loved the colored embroidery against the black. my husband and i will be traveling to europe later this fall and i wanted to take a dress with me that wouldn't take up too much room  and be suitable for times when i wanted to dress-up a little. online i saw that it was available in the petite  and with the reviews warning that it ran large i opted for a medium petite
I have another sanctuary vest similar to this one and decided i needed to snag this one in the moss green. it's so pretty and it's extremely versatile. i'm 8 months pregnant and it's been a fun vest to wear over a tank with a necklace. i can see this piece working for all seasons. if the other color would have been available  i would have grabbed it  especially at the sale price. you can't beat it! the only downside to this vest is that compared to my other medium sanctuary vest  this one is a b
This is a very flattering top and the details are spectacular. it is very comfortable to wear and the the appliquã©s and embroidery make this very slimming. as the other reviews noted the side slits go up quite high. i won't be raising my arms much wearing this. the small rhinestones in the center of the black flowers go around the entire sleeve and they catch on the rest of the shirt sometimes. i have to be aware of it and more careful not to make very fast movements until i'm sure i'm not tangl
This skirt is shimmery without being too much. rich colors and perfect fit tts nice elastic middle so comfortable and gorgeous.
Great casual jacket! it's a nice spring weight  can be worn in different ways by turning the cuffs  folding the collar  wrapping or unwrapping  etc. i love the way they styled it in the model shots. i am going to have to disagree with the other reviewers about this being tts. i have to say the medium was so oversized  it looked like i was wearing a fabric box. i have a broad back and 36ddd bust and am comfortably wearing the size xs.
This sweater has every special element i could want .... form fitting  feminine  and attention to detail. i ordered it in turquoise  which is a lovely muted turquoise that works well when dressed up or down with a cream cami. because i am petite  the fitted waist detail in back hits me just in the right spot. thank you  retailer  for another timeless addition to my collection of yours.
This dress was perfect for the fall/winter. i wish i would have bought more colors. the fabric is soft and clings just enough. i lived in it this winter.
Love the style  weight (not too hot) and look but it sheds all over any pants other than jeans. i also wore a white tank under it and it stained it blue. very disappointed
Hahaha..this dress is hilarious! it looks nothing like the image! i am usually a 0/xs  and 4 was the smallest size available  so i ordered it. when i opened it  it felt like 10 lbs of fabric. i thought maybe i ordered a size way too big  until i could barely squeeze into the top of the dress. once i looked in the mirror  i almost fell over laughing. the rest of the dress is huge. i don't believe this dress would be flattering on anyone.
I love the way this top looks in the picture and the embroidery is as lovely as it appears--very detailed. it is both subtle (not cheap looking) and special.    as an earlier reviewer noted  the top is not see-through  a plus.    the drawbacks  though  mean that i will be returning this top.     1. the fabric is very heavy and does not drape well. i am a small woman with a large chest and ordered a size 0. the top is still loose  even in that size  and the relative stiffness of the fabric gives
I received this dress today for a june wedding. i was so excited about it and the quality is beautiful but unfortunately i am going to have to return it. it runs very big. i normally like to wear items a bit bigger/baggier but with this dress it needs to be tight on the sides. bummer :(
I feel both confident and comfortable in this dress. it runs true to size  though maybe just a little bit large. i enjoyed wearing it from the get-go!
I bought this coat shortly after christmas and am in love. it is meant to fit oversize but runs true to your natural sizing. i am a m/l in most retailer clothing and that is what i bought. it is great for layering for a dressed up look with a skirt or dress for work and also dressed down with jeans a t-shirt. and  although the arms are 3/4 length it is super warm! so happy i purchased!
Perfect. these cords are soo soft  but hold their shape low rise is great for shorter people ! regular rise comes just between navel and bra !
The dress arrived wrinkled so i washed it and pressed it. it looked beautiful until i sat down. the entire dress was wrinkled and it looked terrible all day. can't wear this again.
Order yourself a pair today! my new favorite jean  especially for spring/summer. good color and very comfortable.
This vest is so cute and flattering. these pictures don't do it justice. you must see it in person and try it on. it only has a small percentage of wool in it  so it could easily be worn in the spring/summer with a tank.
So disappointing! everything i've owned from bordeaux has washed well and stood the test of time. one wash and this was ruined! shrunk terrible even after washing in cold water on delicate and laying flat to dry. completely ruined. returned it.
I just received this and wore it immediately - it is cute even under a cardigan because the pattern 'peeks' out  giving some depth to an otherwise plain white shirt. the material is soft and sort of on the thin side but not see-through. it is a fine knit  and has a satin-like thread to it which makes it soft and cool - perfect for a summer day! it is not as slim on me as the model but i am very petite (51 100 lb) and i think this would run closer to tts.
This is a fantastic dress! i wore it for a recent wedding and received many compliments. the fit is phenomenal; the dress is extremely comfortable and flattering. i am full-figured and it fit beautifully and was very true to size. this dress would look good on an 18 year old or a 70 year old!
Beautiful  unique design. it's very flattering the way the fabric hangs.  i usually wear a 10  but because the lining is much smaller than the dress (which many linings are... it's a pet peeve of mine)  i sized up to a 12 and took in the shoulders a couple inches so the bodice area would sit correctly on my bust. otherwise in the 10 my stomach would feel squeezed even if it looked like it fit perfectly. that said  i'm very sensitive to that kind of thing.  other reviewers have noted that the emb
... between looking fat and looking like you have a human being on tap (which is way longer than you would imagine). another reviewer mentioned that this makes your boobs look huge when cinched which is true  and also ok since my boobs are huge now. if i wasn't pregnant i'm not sure i would go with this because it definitely has a lot more fabric to it than the model photos make it appear  especially when you cinch. but for 6 months pregnant  this dress made me feel fab.u.lous since it toned dow
I ordered this sweater online in a size 12. i am 5'7 170 i normally wear a 10/12  i was swimming in this one. i could have ordered an 8 and been fine. the fabric feels luxurious but the twist in the shoulder is not sewn into place  you will have to steam/press it each time you wear it or you could have it sewed into place.
I too will be returning this sweater. love the style  shape and fabric  but after one wearing it has pilled terribly and now looks old and cheap.
This shirt arrived today  and i was surprised how short it is. not a tunic at all. i wonder if the lengths on these vary  and if i order it again  it would be a different length. i ordered my normal size  xs petite. i'm 5-2"  so this should have been a tunic on me. perhaps if i see this shirt in the store  i'll try on the regular length. i'm returning the petite!
I was so excited to purchase this dress for my masters graduation party. it looks beautiful on but i could not get over one little detail. the structure of the top falls funny on your chest - a bit too high from the rest of the pulled fabric. it doesn't look right. if you have a necklace that falls perfectly on the piece of fabric  like the main photo shown  you are good. the third photo with the short necklace shows this issue best.
I eyed this for so long hoping it would go on sale. i finally bought it during the 20% off retailer members day. sized up from my usual size 4 to avoid the buttons on the bust looking like they were about to burst free. the rest still fits way. i absolutely cannot wait for the next rainy day to wear this!
I ordered the red/navy and i love that its a true red and navy. the subtle ribbing adds the right amount of texture. i normally order size small but i felt the top was a little big and has a very long hem line. i'm hoping it shrinks in the wash and i might alter the hem if its still too long after washing.
I've been looking for a cozy sweater dress for a while because everything always seems to be so form fitting. i'm between an xs and a small and i got the small for this and it's just a little roomy so it's perfect. fabric is pretty thin so it drapes well and it won't be too warm.
I bought this top for my daughter. the colors are so vibrant and the design and feel of the top is flattering. this top can be worn with black pants for a night out with friends  or with jeans or shorts to hang out at the beach! my daughter loves it!
I chose this dress for my engagement photoshoot and i'm so glad i did! it is beyond beautiful  my favorite dress ever!
I love the look of this dress on model but sadly  fit didn't work out. very short waisted and tight across chest with very ample arm holes. i'm 5'8"  155  34c  reliably a size 10. this dress seemed at least 2 sizes off for me. my daughter  usually a size 2  could wear it except for the arm hole size (and the fact that it's 158 dollars and she's 13....going back.) btw  "novelty print" means "ice cream novelty"  little popsicles with bites taken out - cute but more juvenile than i expected.
This tunic trumped any other i have seen this season. the style  with the delicate open stitchwork around the upper chest gave it quite a feminine appeal. i especially love the weight of the fabric being on the light side. won't have to worry about hot flashes like when wearing a thicker fabric! it's warm without being bulky. and to top it off  it was on sale and i was able to grab two colors. this tunic is also age appropriate and flattering for most anyone. extraordinary to say the least.
Quirky tunic length top. has a windowpane print on the inside and the grey plaid looks like flannel but is cotton. the red burgandy embroidery adds punch and it has a boho flair. size down one size runs big.
I was excited about this dress because i love the colors and print. the dress has no shape though and not in a good way. it's not flowy enough for the look of a shape dress but its not fitted enough to be flattering.
It's short and wide. not a good combo for anyone who isn't stick thin.
This top is large like with free people i got an extra small and washed it right away and put it in the dryer and it is soft and perfect. so comfortable and will be a go to top with jeans  pj bottoms or leggings/ i love the pocket and my cell phone fits perfectly. i am now ordering the other color. for reference i am 5.5" and 125 pounds.
I really wanted to love these because i love my other steps  but they did not feel or fit the same way at all. i was also disappointed to see that they are cream and not white. these jeans feel stiffer than other stets i own and the waist was huge on me. sadly  these will be going back.
I sized down to an xs from my usual size small  and it fits perfectly. it is cropped but i like the swingy shape that will work well with high-waisted bottoms. i did have to get a replacement because my first top had some beading coming off when i received it in the mail  but this new one seems much more sturdy.
I love this top! it fits perfect and is of great quality! i ordered the pink and love it so much i'm getting the navy one! colors are so trendy as well. this top is so much cuter in person. hard to tell the detail online. definitely recommend to others!
Love the look of the pant! would have given more stars if it had arrived wearable. the pockets all had a corner stuck folded up  requiring washing or ironing before i can even wear them. worried that they will constantly have that issue.
Wore this & got many compliments. true to size  elegant.
Was really excited for this dress and couldn't be more disappointed. doesn't look anything like the pictures.    the fabric feels...cheap. it came wadded up in a ball and is a wrinkled mess.     looking beyond that  i tried it on and thought i had put it on incorrectly. unfortunately not. the top half doesn't sit correctly. it's so bizarre that it seems like a flaw in the design. it doesn't sit on your shoulders  but doesn't look right off your shoulders. the neckline is very high. also  front b
Liked everything about this coat but the length! it is beautiful and good quality. first  ordered a medium because the fit seemed slight (i'm a 4-6)  returned it for a large. unfortunately  the large will also be returned -- the body length is very cropped  not at all as it appears in photo to meet the top of a waistband. i'll hope to find a similar coat with just a bit more length.
I wear med or large in most items. the medium was huge. fit like a moo moo. size down by at least two.
Fit is tts and comfortable. the color didn't suit mine but if the color works for you then grab it because it's a beauty
Just got this shirt in the mail and i am absolutely in love! i paired it with jeans and brown boots and got so many compliments. the shirt is light and flowy. it very flattering for any body shape.
The material is beautiful and high quality however the cut is so awful! it lays very weird near the neck and shoulder area. it kind of forms this square but if you are larger in the bust area it causes the top to slant making it lay awkward.
I had my eye on this for a while and finally picked it up on sale. i got the darker blue in xs. great piece  fits well. very cozy but the cuffs add such cute detail.
I was drawn to this top because of the interesting and detailed straps  which are embroidered with a lovely triangle pattern. however the embroidery takes away any stretchy-ness or give in the cotton and makes the top a beautiful but ill-fitting harness for anyone with any breasts or full-figured lusciousness. the worst part is that the top hem along the top is embroidered and rigid just like the straps  so it feels like you are wearing an uncomfortable strapless top. i wanted to keep this but h
I was really excited for this top to arrive and was really disappointed once i tried it on. i am sure this is a gorgeous top on someone with a straighter or more slender frame. it is good quality and looks fine on the hanger. i think the color in the picture online accurately shows the color. ladies with hips or a booty  beware...this looked horrible on me! it clung to my butt and didn't hang nice and straight like it does in this picture. i expected the fabric to have a little give to it but it
I was excited to see this offered by retailer because i have been looking for a light blue summer jacket or blazer that isn't a denim jacket and this seemed to fit the bill. i've ordered several cartonnier blazers in 00p  as early as 2013 and as late as spring 2015  and have been very happy with them. on the plus side i would say that the color is depicted accurately and it does seem like a high quality jacket. but while the shoulders and sleeves were a pretty standard fit for 00p  it was much too
I have wanted this dress since i first tried it on in april. finally got it as a birthday gift and after looking at it closely there was makeup on the collar. i checked the instructions and it says "cold water wash". so i washed only the collar part by hand and every part that got water on it bled!!! looks like the popsicles are melting! i'm so sad because this dress is adorable! i'm buying another in hopes retailer will make this right by taking back the first one. should be dry clean only!
I bought this dress because it was cute  swinging and lightweight -- seemingly perfect for this hot nyc summer. after on wash and dry  the dress is already ripped around two buttons. i'll still wear it but i don't think it'll last until next summer. kind of pitiful since it wasn't a cheap-o dress. also it is big but that seemed to be sort of the point.
After losing a lot of weight i thought i'd try a pair of skinny jeans and since pilcro is my favorite jeans brand  i bought my usual pilcro size but wow. these are just way too tight. they pull on like leggings or tights  clinging to every part of your leg - there isn't even a bit of looseness around the calves and my lower legs have never been big. i kept thinking i'd just lose more weight and they would fit better but that isn't happening either (the fit) so these are going to my daughter who
I loved this top so much  i ended up buying both of the designs. they are so cute and eye catching  and the layered look is really fun. it fit me very well.
This is a lovely sweater--unique  nicely made  though i found that it ran large for me. i was between a size xs and small  and neither one seemed just right so i ended up returning it. the small had the right length in the arms and torso  but was too wide in the torso and shoulders  and the xs was too short. bummer! also found that every single ivory one had stains or spots on them in my local store  not sure why. if i had been able to settle on the right size i probably would've kept it!
Really wanted to like this top. the model has it on backwards - the "v" is actually the back and closes with an eye hook (that is where the tag is ? there's also a seam running down the back). the front is actually a high round neck. the material has a metallic thread and felt rather scratchy cheap. i'm usually a s or xs. in this top the s had too much material at the bottom and flared out strangely. the xs was too short in the front and moving your arms caused it to ride up.
Can easily be worn with boots or sandals - multi season dress. comfortable  flattering cut. slightly roomy  but pretty true to size.
This top is the perfect combo of function and flair! the style of the top makes it easy to wear and the back detail is just lovely. i love that it can be worn as either a buttoned-up top or a light over-shirt with a t-shirt or camisole underneath. i would pair this with blue or gray skinny jeans.
Beautiful top  i love the peplum. the color is actually cream with blush accents in the lace. i gave it two stars for quality because the hem was uncut and unfinished so it's going back.
Love the fabric of this shirt even though it was thinner than i expected. it is soft to the skin and flattering. however i returned it because it is made for women with long torso and shorter shoulders.
More and more i find myself reliant on the reviews written by savvy shoppers before me and for the most past  they are right on in their estimation of the product. in the case of this dress-if it had not been for the reveiws-i doubt i would have even tried this. the dress is beautifully made  lined and reminiscent of the old retailer quality. it is lined in the solid periwinkle-colored fabric that matches the outer fabric print. tts and very form-fitting. falls just above the knee and does not rid
Great dress  received tons of compliments. downside to the dress is it stretched a bit and was feeling a bit loose by the end of the evening.
This is my new favorite shirt. i'm actually wearing it today! i had to order another in white too. grab it while you can!
I ordered a size large and it's so big i couldn't tell how it would look in a smaller size. the waist cinched but there's too much fabric in the hips to be slimming. the floral pattern is beautiful with light blue and lavender flowers that are generic enough to match with a variety of colors on top. it's too long for my frame. the slip falls above knee so it's sheer from there down. i decided not to try a smaller size but recommend going down one or even two sizes.
T.la makes the best tees. soft feel  sophisticated color layering  and a body skimming shape -- all retained after multiple washings. versatile  too. other tees fade  stretch out  shrink. not t.la. a gem.
Just a wonderful shirt -- fabric is so soft  it feels like pajamas  and the blue is just perfect. there's a different blue plaid as a lining  and i almost wish it was reversible. they're both great patterns! wonderful for fall...
I really wanted this to work. alas  it had a strange fit for me. the straps would not stay up  and it had a weird fit under the breast. it worked standing up  but the minute i sat down it fell off my shoulders. the fabric was beautiful! and i loved that it had pockets.
Cute  casual dress -- i especially love the thick fabric  as i think it will hold up well. the fit is slightly boxy  but it's short enough for it not to matter as much  and the waist tie helps give the dress a little shape. i was surprised that the the petite xs was off for me proportionally (usually i wear petite sizing at retailer) but the regular xs fit much better.
This is a beautiful long midi blazer that happens to feel like a sweatshirt. buy it! you'll look super classy and put together. i wear to work and going out. i've been noted to also curl up in bed wearing this because it's so comfortable and i forgot to switch into a sweatshirt.     note i'm on the short side so the "blazer" ends up being a little longer for me. i happen to like it because it gives it a little more formalness of a longer coat while still being spring weight (jersey/terry on the
I love this tunic  super flattering + long enough (if your no super tall like me) to wear with leggings! it does run a little big  i like tops a little looser on me so i didn't mind that. i ordered a small- if your typically a small and prefer more fitted tops i would suggest sizing down.     i bought the blue tunic first (the pictures don't do the textile design justice!) i loved it so much i went back online and purchased this tunic in black!!!    thanks retailer for being awesome!
The material is awesome and it's a super pretty dress it just didn't work on my body.
I love these pants! the pattern is polished and the flowy style is perfect for warm weather. i ordered a small and was worried they would be too short (i'm 5'10")  but they are just right when i wear them just slightly lower than my true waist. my new favorite summer pants.
This sweater was just okay. i am happy to pay $100 or more for a sweater but this one was somewhat itchy  and not the quality i expected for that price. i may have kept it if it were at about half the price  but it just was not worth it. retailer prices seem to be going up and up and the quality less and less. i had similar experiences with a couple of shirts that i ordered over the summer. looked great in the photos  but unfortunately in person were not quality garments.
It was lighter weight than i expected but that's perfect for me considering florida winters are mild. it's more like a wool sweater than coat. the design is gorgeous  however  ran bigger than anticipated. i'm hoping an exchange to the xs will work otherwise i'm not sure i can get the fit i expect from this sweater coat. the buttons are plastic and would have made a much bigger impact if they were wooden but they're still nice. overall i love it and am hoping for the right fit so i can flaunt thi
This is a nice shirt  but i can't keep it. i ordered a 0 and i do have an athletic build with somewhat wider shoulders given how petite i am (usually wear 00 petite in all pants) and i think this size was perfect (fit across the back perfectly) when you lift your arms the way it is cut makes it really tight across the chest and shows your stomach. at the same time  the high low styling makes for a really strange shirt-tail in the back. i'm sure this is the trend but it really does not look cute
Love the fabric. comfortable to wear with jeans or a dress. good for those cool fall mornings.
These were great pants that fit well  had good rise  perfect stretch for my curves  and i was really happy to get them on sale. (i'm 5'10"  165lbs  with a pear shape).     after only three months of occasional wear (about once a week  at most)  and following wash instructions perfectly  they started deteriorating. the pockets are becoming unsewn  the fabric has over-stretched in little sections that bunch  and the bottom hem is coming unraveled. these are the most low-quality horrible pants i've
This blouse was just right for me. 5'3' and in my late fifties. not too frilly so still age appropriate yet feminine and fun. i have largish arms from working out and the sleeves fit with give. and at this stage of life  the boxy look that falls just below the waist is flattering. i took a 10 regular (i'm usually a medium r or m-petite) and the fit was comfortable and right. both colors are unusual and it works nicely with pants and skirts.
I adore these pants! comfortable as jammies and i wear with both sandals and booties. every time i wear them i am complimented on them!
Love this so much because it's so soft  pliable and fits wonderfully with all of my fall wardrobe.  i ordered the plum color  which looks brown to me.  was advised to size up and glad i did.  i bought large petite and my stats are 5'3" 135# 38/28/35.
This shirt is gorgeous at first glance. the quality is there and it has a beautiful design...from the front  that is. but it is huge and billowy with back pleats. i cannot imagine this being flattering on anyone. it just adds so much volume to the top. i am thin and petite so maybe that was the issue  but i just can't see adding so much volume. this was a total miss for me. such a shame. would have been great without all the extra volume in back.
I got the m/l and it's huge. usually wear a large. so size down! it's a striking top. but i decided not to reorder because i don't really need another short sleeve top. i tried it under a cardigan and of course it looses its appeal because you can't see the floral design. had to return.
I wanted to love these  they are cute and warm - but they have absolutely no elasticity. i'm so mad at myself for not reading the reviews because i ended up wasting money on shipping 2 pairs of leggings that i ultimately took right back to the store.
I got compliments the moment i walked into the office with those. they look like leather so much  that i had to ensure some people that only some polyester had to "die" so i could wear them ;). i am slim  but i think those pants are cut so well and hang so nicely  they make everybody look slimmer  they are also super soft  very comjfortable and the pockets are big enough to hold my beloved smart phone securely without showing a bulge. the pants look very elegant when paired with the right shoes
Beautiful colors
Very nice material  soft and feminine colors. however  the waist sat higher than my natural waist and was uncomfortable. unfortunately it's going back
It is rare that i find a pair of pants that works for me at retailer. as a woman with curves i have found that most of retailer's pants are cut for slim figured women  this rare pair of pants crosses the divide  flattering both shapes. i usually have to look for xls. here  i found that i had too much room and sized down to a l. these pants are great. they are lightweight without being so gauzy that they highlight imperfections. they will be my go to summer pant. i love them.
I was skeptical about the contrasting color details on this blazer  and it turns out i was right to be. this blazer just looks like part of a prep school uniform  both in the colors and the fit  which is very boxy. maybe this is someone's style  but i just don't think it looks good.
This tunic is a perfect length for leggings. the mauve color got rave reviews on my first wearing. and the mixed media and asymmetrical styling gave the garment a unique appeal and made it quite flattering. however  when i wore it a second time  i noticed two micro holes in the sleeve. one near my wrist and the other at the shoulder. since i take extreme care when laundering my clothes  it seems this will have to be a return as the jersey knit is not strong enough to hold up in the delicate cycl
This is an awesome blouse! it is well made. the fabric is thick and soft. it drapes beautifully. i love the tie at the top. i wish it came in other colors - other than the denim offered. i am 5'4"  115 pounds  flat chested. the xs fit well.
Material is strange. triangle top is funky. this is just not awesome in any way.
I also found this blouse fits well and runs true to size. a size 2 was perfect  not too tight and not too full. the umbrellas and raindrops are so cute and bright. i will wear with jeans or dressier slim pants. what fun!
I loved this shirt when i got it. it fit perfectly  and was so soft. but when i washed it  following the instructions  it shrank up to well above my belly button. i'm talking 6 inches of shrinkage  at least.
Why do designers keep making crop tops??!! i can't imagine this would be flattering on anyone  especially someone average height and well endowed on top. i looked like a football player. the pattern and fabric are gorgeous  so if you are like 4' tall and super tiny and can fit xxs this may work? i am between a 6-8 and fit a small and it was huge on me and almost was bigger at the bottom than the top. such a weird cut. there is a cami underneath so if it rides up that will show but that is so 80s
This top is gorgeous and i exchanged it 3 times hoping it would work. i originally got the size a would normally wear (a 6).and the arm holes and top were extremely tight and the top was short so i sized up and still had the same problem. i then went all the way up to a size 14 in order to get the length of the shirt log enough but now it is quite large around my hips. i love the detailing of the shirt but unfortunately if you have any chest at all it will not fit
I'm a b-cup who hates traditional underwire bras  so i was excited to try this one out. while i appreciate that this bra has more structure and support than other wireless comfy bras  the cups provided too much coverage for my style. if you want to wear a shirt with a wide neck  or do a cute off-the-shoulder thing with your shirt  the top of the cup shows. bummer!
What a classy special top. really dresses up a pair of black slacks. i actually think this is a perfect spring piece!
I tried these on in my local store and immediately loved them! they are so flattering on my hourglass shape. the flare leg balances out the hips. great quality and very comfortable. i know i will get so much wear out of these. i bought a size up from my usual size and they fit perfectly.
Stylist in store warned be about issues with buttons falling of easily. loved the look  so bought it anyway. lost 2 buttons on the first wear. it did not feel snug on me  but i guess i could try a size up and see if the buttons hold a bit better. either way i will return or exchange.
Adore these jeans! great length  cute cuffed details. could do cartwheels in these :)
This dress is lovely (albeit darker than it appears on the website)  but i had to return. it runs way small?i usually comfortably where an l or xl in maeve (this brand)  and could not even get this l on. would really only recommend for xs or s ladies (maybe m) who have the possibility of going larger. if you do purchase  absolutely size up 1-2 sizes.
Beautifully made shirt however the sizing is way off. the sleeves and across the chest are really tight while the rest of the shirt fits fine. if you get a size larger then the shirt in the body is to large. would recommend if you have really tiny shoulders  arms and chest. such a shame since i really love the shirt.
This shirt is cute. i like the pleated neck as it makes the top feminine  while still casual. it is made of very soft fabric and drapes nicely. the only issue is that the seam/pleat that runs down the middle is off center. i think the fabric was cut incorrectly so the seam twists to one side after i have it on for a few minutes and move around. i keep having to twist it straight which is very annoying.
I love the design and color of this cardigan  and the way it was styled in the store display made me snatch one up right away. but unfortunately  it's huge and shapeless (i tried size xs/s) and i'm a waif (5'2"  105#) - i think it could drape nicely on a tall woman but if you are small to average in height it'll hang down somewhere mid-thigh or even lower. you can snug up the ties  as they are threaded through the cardigan like a drawstring  but that just made it look bunchy and even more shapel
I ordered this in a size 1 which i thought would be a small and it was very  very wide. it is very short too. i typically wear a small and am 5'8" and 132 lbs. it's going back unfortunately. very soft material though.
I'm a size 28 jeans 5'9 with a bubble bottom. these were falling off of me around the hips. these are warm. i was expecting them to not be sheer since they are fleece lined but when i sat down i was shocked to notice it. it doesn't matter functionality wise because i never felt a "draft." they look good and are well made but i will be returning due to the lack of fit.
Fell in love with this dress when i saw it online and ordered it right away. however i was sadly disappointed once it arrived. while the cut is cute  the fabric is just all wrong. i was expecting a nice  heavy knit-like material  but this feels and looks really cheap - especially given the price of the dress. sadly it is going back.
I love these pants. i have them in the black and green. they are comfortable and look great on my curvy figure. i am 5'2 120lbs and got the size 27
This too is easy to wear  skins the body nicely & the color is very pretty. some of the retailer tops have issues for me because i find the necklines too low. not this one. the placket lays flat & doesn't expose excessive cleavage. the details on the blouse are pretty & subtle. the top washed well in the delicate cute. just hang it to dry and it looks great!
I thought this was much more of an overall than a jumpsuit. after trying it on in a store (must have been a return)  i could tell that the medium was snug and usually i am between a medium or a small. the straps were a little hard to manage. it is cute and i think cuter than on the model.
I don't normally write reviews  but i purchased this dress in white in 3 different sizes and each dress had the same flaw. the hems were very uneven on all three. this dress was poorly sewn. it's a shame because it looked awesome online. i was very disappointed!!!!!
The picture doesn't do this blouse any justice. the fabric is really nice and the back is really what makes this blouse. the bows down the back of the blouse make it pop!
Received this dress  the sleeves are very pretty  the drape was just what i was looking for  but the overall dress was not very flattering on me. i am a little busty on top so it pulled in a unflattering way. i would say that if you are tall and not on the busty side this could be an amazing dress on. this one had to go back
I love finding unique retailer pieces that don't require dry cleaning. i was excited to find this shirt  but it's not flattering. the bottom hem is a little tight  which makes the rest of the shirt look bulky. perhaps it would work better on people who have narrow hips. i also didn't like the pink tones when i saw the colors in person. i'll be returning this item.
Wanted to love this dress as it's perfect for transition. i'm a curvy gal who usually sports an xl in dresses at retailer  and unfortunately this one was way too big even for me to pull off. my boyfriend actually guffawed when he saw me in it. i would implore the maker to try this style again as it's a good one  unfortunately the sizing was it's downfall.